"ID"	"First_Author"	"NIST_Author"	"Journal"	"Year"	"Volume"	"m_1st_Page"	"PDF_Avail"	"Instrument"	"CHRNS_"	"Title"	"Second_Author"	"Third_Author"	"m_4th_Plus_Authors"	"Topic"	"Subtopic"	"Abstract"
2	"Allen AJ"	1	"Applied Physics A"	"2002"	"74 (S1)"	"s937"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Multiple small-angle neutron scattering studies of anisotropic materials"	"Berk NF"	"Ilavsky J"	"Long GG"	"Materials science"	"Morphology"	"Building on previous work that considered spherical scatterers and randomly oriented spheroidal scatterers, we describe a multiple small-angle neutron scattering (MSANS) analysis for nonrandomly oriented spheroids. We illustrate this with studies of the multi-component void morphologies found in plasma-spray thermal barrier coatings."
3	"Allen AJ"	1	"Acta Materialia"	"2001"	"49 (9)"	"1661"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Microstructural characterization of yttria-stabilized zirconia plasma-sprayed deposits using multiple small-angle neutron scattering"	"Ilavsky J"	"Long GG"	"Wallace JS, Berndt CC, Herman H"	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"journal not available online"
4	"Batra A"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (25)"	"9458"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Conformational behavior of guest chains in uniaxially stretched poly(diethylsiloxane) elastomers: H-2 NMR and SANS"	"Hedden RC"	"Schofield P"	"Barnes A, Cohen C, Duncan T"	"Polymers"	"Networks"	"2H nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) and small angle neutron scattering (SANS) data are reported for deuterated guest chains of polydiethysiloxane (PDES) in end-linked PDES networks as a function of the molecular weight of guest chains relative to that of the network elastic chains. We exploit the ability of PDES networks to form a strain-induced mesophase to demonstrate the tendency of longer guest chains to phase separate or partition selectively to the amorphous phase and the tendency of smaller guest chains to remain distributed between the mesophase and the amorphous phase. The segmental orientation of the guest chains measured via 2H NMR peak splitting can be interpreted in terms of an enthalpic orientational coupling of the chain segments in the amorphous state. SANS results show that the radius of gyration of guest chains in the unstretched networks and in the networks stretched below the mesomorphic transition remains essentially unchanged from that in the melt state. The scattering intensity from SANS patterns for networks with guest chains of any size has a peak in the direction parallel to the stretch direction that reflects the domain spacing of the lamellae in the mesophase."
5	"Bauer BJ"	0	"Materials, Technology and Reliability for Advanced Interconnects and Low-k Dielectrics"	"2003"	"766"	"203"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Determination of pore size distribution in nano-porous thin films from small angle scattering"	"Hedden RC"	"Hae-Jeong L"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Porous materials"	"journal not available online"
6	"Bhatia SR"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (17)"	"6469"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Gelation of micellar block polyelectrolytes: Evidence of glassy behavior in an attractive system"	"Mourchid A"			"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"We present small-angle neutron scattering and rheology for micellar solutions of polystyrene-poly(acrylic acid) block copolymers that can be regarded as attractive colloids. These systems form gels at high effective micellar volume fractions ( > 0.64) that are suggestive of disordered colloidal glasses. At the gel point, the solution rheology follows the scaling predicted by classical percolation theory, with G' ~ G'' ~ . We argue that this scaling could be due either to formation of a percolated network or to a pretransitional glassy phase."
7	"Bhatia SR"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2001"	"6 (5-6)"	"471"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Block copolymer assembly to control fluid rheology"	"Mourchid A"	"Joanicot M"		"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Journal not available online"
8	"Bossev DP"	1	"Langmuir"	"2001"	"17 (25)"	"7728"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Pressure-induced freezing of the hydrophobic core leads to a L-1 -> H-1 phase transition for C12E5 micelles in D2O"	"Kline SR"	"Israelachvili JN"	"Paulaitis ME"	"Complex fluids"	"Pressure effects"	"We apply small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) to study the effect of pressure on micelle structure in a solution of 1% by weight pentaethylene glycol mono-n-dodecyl ether (C12E5) in D2O at 20 C and pressures up to ~3000 bar. At ambient pressure, the structure is a network of branched, semiflexible, cylindrical micelles with the branch points comprised of three-armed junctions. Our SANS results reveal that pressure induces a phase transition from this network of threadlike micelles to hexagonally ordered bundles of cylindrical micelles. Using geometric packing constraints for three-arm junctions and cylinders, we show that the formation of three-arm junctions becomes increasingly unfavorable with increasing pressure due to the compression of the micelle hydrophobic core, and as such, the network becomes unstable at pressures close to those observed in our SANS experiments. We also measured the temperature dependence of the transition pressure and find that it follows the pressure-temperature freezing curves for liquid n-alkanes of comparable hydrocarbon chain length. These observations lead us to propose that the phase transition is related to a loss of flexibility or conformational entropy of the C12E5 micelles upon the pressure-induced freezing of the micelle hydrophobic core to form an amorphous solid. The formation of hexagonally ordered bundles of cylindrical micelles follows as attractive van der Waals forces between the micelles are not offset by the loss of repulsive undulation forces arising from the fluidity of the hydrophobic core."
9	"Boukari H"	1	"Journal of Materials Research"	"2003"	"18 (3)"	"624"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering study of the role of feedstock particle size on the microstructural behavior of plasma-sprayed yttria-stabilized zirconia deposits"	"Allen AJ"	"Long GG"	"Ilavsky J, Wallace J, Berndt CC, Herman H"	"Materials science"	"Morphology"	"The microstructures of thick plasma-sprayed yttria-stabilized zirconia (8% mass fraction yttria) deposits were studied in a series of Porod small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and multiple small-angle neutron scattering (MSANS) experiments. Three main void components were identified in the deposits: intrasplat cracks, interlamellar planar pores, and globular pores. The SANS and MSANS measurements were analyzed using the traditional theory for Porod scattering and a recently developed three-component model for MSANS evaluation. The average size, volume fraction, internal surface area, and orientation distribution for each void component within the deposits were determined. This study focused on gaining a better understanding of the effects of initial feedstock particle size and annealing temperatures on the microstructure of deposits sprayed under equivalent particle-impact conditions. Quantitative results are presented for each of four deposit samples: one prepared using the as-received feedstock particle wide-size distribution and three prepared from feedstock powder of different and relatively narrow particle size ranges with average sizes of 32, 47, and 88 ?m. Except for the coarse (88 ?m) feedstock powder, only mild monotonic variations were found in the microstructural anisotropies, the porosities (13 ± 1%), or the internal surface areas in the as-sprayed deposits. The internal surface area was independent of the feedstock particle size, even with the coarse feedstock. When the deposits were annealed at high temperatures (1100 and 1400 °C), the microstructures were altered with a reduction of the total internal surface area and a mild coarsening of the voids. These changes in the microstructural evolution were well-captured and described by the three-component model. The result were compared and related with those obtained from scanning electron microscopy images and elastic moduli measurements."
11	"Burford RP"	0	"Nuclear Instruments and Methods in Physics Research B"	"2003"	"208"	"58"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering and transmission electron microscopy studies of interpenetrating polymer networks from thermoplastic elastomers"	"Markotsis MG"	"Knott RB"		"Polymers"	"Polymer networks"	"The formation of interpenetrating polymer networks (IPNs) may allow the production of materials with controlled morphologies and greater probability of synergistic property enhancement. IPNs were made by the in situ polymerisation/crosslinking of styrene in the dispersed styrene-rich phase of block copolymers with a crosslinked elastomeric matrix. Such networks when optimally prepared can combine stiffness with toughness. In this work the ratio of stiff and hard segments (controlled by styrene/isoprene or butadiene ratio) and morphology have been altered, and two families of block copolymers, with linear and radial structures are compared. The morphology of a brittle IPN is compared with a tough analogue, using small angle neutron scattering (SANS) and transmission electron microscopy (TEM). The former reveals substantial orientation in the drawn material, whereas the TEM shows similar structures for both. When radial thermoplastic elastomer IPNs are prepared, the structure is found to be isometric by SANS, as shown by intensity versus scattering vector, q, data for sample sections cut in two directions. The linear thermoplastic elastomer IPNs show quite different scattering, consistent with the rod-like dispersed phases previously established by TEM. The size of the hard, dispersed domains appears to be comparable using TEM and SANS, the latter giving a more sensitive indication of orientation. This possibly reflects the advantages of strong signal generation from a bulk sample, which has undergone little alteration during characterization."
12	"Cappelletti RL"	1	"Journal of Research of NIST"	"2001"	"106 (1)"	"187"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Materials research with neutrons at NIST"	"Glnka CJ"	"Krueger S"	"Lindstrom RA, Lynn JW, Praks HA, Prince E, Rush JJ, Rowe JM, Satija SK, Toby BH, Tsai A, Udovic TJ"	"Materials science"	"General review"	"Abstract not available online"
13	"Chen SH"	0	"Molecular Simulation"	"2003"	"29 (10-11)"	"611"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Observation of liquid-to-glass and glass-to-glass transitions in L64/D2O triblock copolymer micellar system"	"Chen WR"	"Mallamace F"		"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics phases"	"Journal not available online"
14	"Chen SH"	0	"Science"	"2003"	"300 (5619)"	"619"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The glass-to-glass transition and its end point in a copolymer micellar system"	"Chen WR"	"Mallamace F"		"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics phases"	"Need subscription to online journal"
15	"Chen SH"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2001"	"183"	"95"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Interaction, critical, percolation and kinetic glass transitions in pluronic L-64 micellar solutions"	"Liao C"	"Fratini E"	"Baglioni P, Mallamace F"	"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics phases"	"Online access to volumes >187 only"
16	"Chen SH"	0	"European Physics Journal, E"	"2002"	"9 (3)"	"283"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Observation of a re-entrant kinetic glass transition in a micellar system with temperature-dependent attractive interaction"	"Mallamace F"	"Faraone A"	"et al."	"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics phases"	"Volume not available online"
17	"Chen WR"	0	"Physical Review E"	"2002"	"66 (2)"	"021403"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering study of the temperature-dependent attractive interaction in dense L64 copolymer micellar solutions and its relation to kinetic glass transition"	"Chen SH"	"Mallamace F"		"Complex fluid"	"Pluronics phases"	"We made small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) study of a Pluronic L64 micellar system in aqueous solution at high polymer concentrations (wt %), 35%<c<53%, in a temperature range where a kinetic glass transition has been observed by photon correlation spectroscopy and zero shear viscosity measurements. We analyze SANS intensity distributions assuming that the micelles are spherical and interact among themselves by an effective pair potential, consisting of a hard core plus a narrow attractive square well, the depth of which is temperature dependent. The theory is able to account for the intensity distribution quantitatively when the micellar system is in the liquid phase (but qualitatively when the micellar system is in the glass state), giving values of four parameters: the aggregation number of the micelle N, the volume fraction occupied by the micelles , the fractional width of the square well , and the effective temperature T* = kBT/u, where –u is the depth of the square well. Thus, we are able to assign a point in the phase diagram (the T*- plane) for each measured micellar liquid and glass state. Comparison with a phase diagram predicted recently by mode coupling theory calculation allows us to identify the existence of the so-called liquid-to-attractive-glass transition line. We also found the evidence of glass-to-glass transition at volume fraction of 0.54 predicted by the mode coupling theory."
18	"Choi SM"	0	"Physica A"	"2002"	"304 (1-2)"	"85"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The existence of three length scales and their relation to the interfacial curvatures in bicontinuous microemulsions"	"Chen SH"	"Sottmann T"	"et al."	"Complex fluids"	"Bicontinuous phase"	"Issues not available online"
19	"Co CC"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (10)"	"3224"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microemulsion polymerization. 1. Small-angle neutron scattering study of monomer partitioning"	"de Vries R"	"Kaler EW"		"Polymers"	"Polymerization"	"To achieve a better understanding of the kinetics of microemulsion polymerization, we have examined monomer partitioning between micelles and polymer particles during polymerization of aqueous microemulsions of dodecyltrimethylammonium bromide surfactant and styrene, n-butyl methacrylate, tert-butyl methacrylate, and n-hexyl methacrylate monomers. Polymerizing microemulsions are simulated by equilibrium mixtures of unpolymerized and fully polymerized microemulsions for which the monomer partitioning is accurately measured using small-angle neutron scattering. Experimental results are semiquantitatively reproduced by modeling the monomer partitioning as a competition between the Flory-Huggins bulk polymer free energy and the Helfrich curvature elastic energy of the surfactant monolayers."
20	"Crichton M"	0	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2003"	"36 (3, Part1)"	"652"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and intermicellar interactions in block polyelectrolyte assemblies"	"Bhatia S"			"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Abstract not available online"
21	"Croce V"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"19 (20)"	"8536"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Rheology, cryogenic transmission electron microscopyy, and small-angle neutron scattering of highly viscoelastic wormlike micellar solutions (vol 19, pg 8536, 2003)"	"Cosgrove T"	"Maitland G"	"Hughes T, Karlsson G"	"Complex fluids"	"Wormlike micelles"	"Correction to previous publication"
22	"De Bruyn H"	0	"Polymer"	"2003"	"44 (16)"	"4411"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of electrosterically stabilized polystyrene latex; implications for radical entry kinetics"	"Gilbert RG"	"White JW"	"Schulz J"	"Complex fluid"	"Particle sizes"	"Electrosterically stabilized polystyrene latexes with a poly(acrylic acid) hydrophilic layer with either perdeuterated core or perdeuterated hydrophilic layer were prepared in situ in a styrene/acrylic acid copolymerization, in a manner similar to that commonly employed industrially. Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) measurements were made over a range of contrasts for three latexes at high and low pH. Parameters obtained by fitting to standard core/shell models were consistent with the shell being highly hydrated (about 89% at low pH and about 94% at high pH). The core was found to contain about 3% acrylic acid. Doubling the proportion of acrylic acid in the recipe increased shell thickness by about 20%, slightly reduced particle size and slightly increased the proportion of acrylic acid incorporated into the core. The maximum degree of polymerization (DOP) of the entering (and therefore grafted) species was estimated from the shell thickness to be about 44 monomer units for 0.02 M acrylic acid and 66 for 0.04 M. The observed dependence of hairy layer (shell) thickness on the initial amount of acrylic acid suggests that the critical DOP for entry (and therefore true grafting) of the electrosteric stabilizer is thermodynamically (not kinetically) controlled."
23	"de Vries R"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (10)"	"3233"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microemulsion polymerization. 2. Influence of monomer partitioning, termination, and diffusion limitations on polymerization kinetics"	"Co CC"	"Kaler EW"		"Complex fluids"	"Polymerization"	"We investigate the polymerization kinetics of microemulsions prepared with the cationic surfactant dodecyltrimethylammonium bromide and the hydrophobic monomers n-butyl methacrylate, tert-butyl methacrylate, n-hexyl methacrylate, and styrene. Our previous model for microemulsion polymerization kinetics cannot account for the kinetics of these systems. Using the results of small-angle neutron scattering monomer partitioning studies and an extended kinetic model to analyze the data, the failure of the original kinetic model is shown to be due to a combination of nonlinear monomer partitioning, nonnegligible bimolecular termination, and, in some cases, diffusion limitations to propagation."
24	"Deyhim A"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2002"	"82 (1s)"	"622"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering studies of PNA & DNA systems"	"Zhou J"	"Schwartz F"	"et al."	"Biology"	"Dna"	"Not found online"
25	"DiNoia TP"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (19)"	"7372"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Impact of supercritical fluid solvent quality on polymer conformation in semidilute solutions: SANS data for poly(ethylene-co-1-butene) in dimethyl ether to kilobar pressures"	"van Zanten JH"	"Kline SR"	"Garach-Domech A, McHugh M, Wright J, Fetters LJ"	"Polymers"	"Phase behavior under pressure"	"Phase behavior and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) measurements are reported for poly(ethylene-co-20.2 mol % 1-butene) (PEB10) dissolved in supercritical dimethyl ether (DME). The phase boundary is located at pressures near 600 bar at 130 C, and it exhibits a minimum in temperature near 105 C where the cloud-point pressure rises sharply. Neutron scattering is performed with a high-pressure scattering cell designed for a large incident beam diameter, good mixing, and real-time viewing of the solution to ensure single-phase operation. The SANS results suggest significant variations in intramolecular correlations exist at length scales proportional to a few monomer units although the radius of gyration remains close to the unperturbed value at pressures from the cloud point to as high as 2400 bar. As expected, the intermolecular correlation length grows rapidly on approach to the phase boundary. The phase behavior and SANS data suggest that DME is very poor quality solvent even at high solvent densities."
26	"Eitouni HB"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (20)"	"7765"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamic interactions in organometallic block copolymers: Poly(styrene-block-ferrocenyldimethylsilane)"	"Balsara NP"	"Hahn H"	"Pople JA, Hempenius MA"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer phases"	"The thermodynamic interactions in anionically synthesized poly(styrene-block-ferrocenyldimethylsilane) (SF) copolymers were examined using birefringence, small-angle X-ray and neutron scattering (SAXS and SANS). We show that birefringence detection of the order-disorder transition is possible in colored samples provided the wavelength of the incident beam is in the tail of the absorption spectrum. The location of the order-disorder transition was confirmed by SAXS. The temperature dependence of the Flory-Huggins parameter, , of SF copolymers, determined by SAXS, is similar in magnitude to that between polystyrene and polyisoprene chains. We find that is independent of block copolymer composition (within experimental error). We also demonstrate that the neutron scattering length densities of styrene and ferrocenyldimethylsilane moieties are identical due to a surprising cancellation of factors related to density and atomic composition."
27	"Freeman KS"	1	"Langmuir"	"2001"	"17 (13)"	"3912"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Size and polydispersity determinations of AOT/bile salt reversed micelles obtained by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Tan NCB"	"Trevino SF"	"Kline SK, McGown LB, Kiserow DJ"	"Complex fluids"	"Micellar structure"	"Previous work has shown that trihydroxy bile salt cosurfactants significantly modify the interfacial properties and aggregate size of Aerosol-OT (AOT) reversed micelles and can also increase the activity of enzymes such as chymotrypsin and lipase that are solubilized in the AOT reversed micelles. In the present work, small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) was used to study the effects of one such bile salt, sodium taurocholate (NaTC), on the size and polydispersity of AOT reversed micelles. At low concentrations, NaTC decreases the overall size of the reversed micelles, the size of the interior water pools, and the apparent thickness of the detergent layer, while causing an increase in polydispersity. At higher NaTC concentrations, the overall aggregate size, the size of the water pools, the thickness of the detergent layer, and the polydispersity all are increased. It is proposed that, at low concentrations, NaTC monomers are randomly dispersed among the AOT molecules in a perpendicular orientation, thereby disrupting the organization of the detergent layer and increasing penetration of heptane and water into the detergent layer. When NaTC is increased, it may form hydrogen-bonded dimers that are aligned parallel to the AOT molecules. In this orientation, there is less disruption of the detergent layer and penetration of heptane and water molecules is reduced. Finally, it was found that reversed micelles containing chymotrypsin are smaller than unoccupied aggregates, suggesting structural reorganization in order to accommodate the protein. From these results, the effects of NaTC on chymotrypsin activity in AOT reversed micelles can be attributed to structural and chemical modification of the detergent layer rather than to changes in the overall dimensions of the reversed micelles."
28	"Gawrys KL"	0	"Petroleum Science Technology"	"2003"	"21 (3-4)"	"461"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The role of asphaltene solubility and chemical composition on asphaltene aggregation"	"Spiecker PM"	"Kilpatrick P"		"Complex fluids"	"Asphaltene"	"Journal not available online"
29	"Geissler E"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2001"	"171"	"171"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of polymer solutions and gels containing fillers"	"Hecht AM"	"Horkay F"		"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"Journal not available online"
30	"Geissler E"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2002"	"190"	"23"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and dynamics of silica-filled polymers by SANS and coherent SAXS"	"Hecht AM"	"Rochas C"	"Horkay F, Bley F, Livet F"	"Polymers"	"Polymer composites"	"Journal not available online"
31	"Geissler E"	0	"Kaut Gummi Kunstst"	"2001"	"54 (9)"	"446"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutron scattering from elastomers gels"	"Horkay F"	"Hecht AM"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Elastomers"	"Journal not available online"
32	"Geissler E"	0	"Filled and Nanocomposite Polymer Materials Symposium"	"2001"	"661"	"KK9.1.1"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small angle scattering and the structure and dynamics of filled and unfilled rubbers"	"Hecht AM"	"Rochas C"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Polymer composites"	"Journal not available online"
33	"Geissler E"	0	"Scattering Methods for the Investigation of Polymers. 20th Discussion Conference of the Prague Meetings on Macromolecules 23-32 2002"	"2002"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and dynamics of silica-filled polymers by SANS and coherent SAXS"	"Hecht AM"	"Rochas C"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Polymer composites"	"Journal not available online"
34	"Gilra N"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (22)"	"7773"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A SANS study of the conformational behavior of linear chains in compressed and uncompressed end-linked elastomers"	"Cohen C"	"Briber RM"	"Bauer BJ, Hedden RC, Panagiotopoulos AZ"	"Polymers"	"Polymer networks"	"Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments were performed to determine the conformational behavior of unattached deuterated linear poly(dimethylsiloxane) (PDMS) chains of Mn = 51 000 g mol-1 in uncompressed and compressed end-linked protonated PDMS networks with a minimal amount of defects. The networks were prepared from low-polydispersity precursor chains with Mn = 9900 g mol-1, 34 800 g mol-1, and 71 500 g mol-1. The samples are hereafter labeled 10K, 35K, and 70K. The mixtures of the 10K network with the linear chains were prepared by cross-linking around the linear chains, while the 35K and 70K network systems were swollen with the linear chains after the network was formed. No significant variation of the radius of gyration of the linear chains was observed as a function of network mesh size, in agreement with recent Monte Carlo simulations. The results from the compressed 35K and 70K networks exhibited excess scattering at small wave vectors, indicating phase segregation, and they could not be quantitatively analyzed. The scattering data from the trapped chains in the compressed 10K networks were fitted well with a Kratky-Porod wormlike chain model, indicating segment alignment consistent with Monte Carlo simulations and deuterium NMR results."
35	"Gonzalez-Leon JA"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (7)"	"2508"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase behavior prediction of ternary polymer mixtures"	"Mayes AM"			"Polymers"	"Phase behavior theory"	"A compressible regular solution free energy model for multicomponent polymer blends is developed and used to obtain spinodal curves for three component systems, employing only pure component properties such as coefficients of thermal expansion, densities, and solubility parameters. The ability to predict, at least qualitatively, the phase behavior of the ternary polymer mixtures tetramethylpolycarbonate (TMPC)/polycarbonate (PC)/poly(styrene-r-acrylonitrile) (SAN), and polystyrene (PS)/poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA)/poly(styrene-r-methyl methacrylate) (PS-r-PMMA), the polymer-solvent mixture of polystyrene (PS)/poly(methyl methacrylate) (PMMA)/tetrahydrofuran (THF), and the polymer-additive mixture polystyrene (PS)/poly(phenylene oxide) (PPO)/dimethyl phthalate (DMP) is demonstrated through comparison with reported experimental phase diagrams. An expression is derived for the effective interaction energy parameter, eff, relevant to AB values obtained from scattering measurements; values for eff are computed and compared with results from experiments. The model provides a first iteration toward a simple and practical predictive tool that can solve common problems in polymer compounding, for example, choosing an effective compatibilizer for an immiscible polymer blend."
36	"Greenberg CC"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2001"	"39 (21)"	"2549"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effective interaction parameter between branched and linear polystyrene"	"Foster MD"	"Turner CM"	"Corona-Galvan S, Cloutet E, Quirk RP, Butler PD, Hawker C"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Values of the effective interaction parameter () between regular, long-branched polystyrene chains and their linear analogues were measured with small-angle neutron scattering for several star-branched chains and one comb-type polymer. The contribution to this interaction due to architecture alone increases monotonically with star functionality for the set of polymers studied here. The interaction appears to be less sensitive to variations in arm size than would be expected from fluctuation theory predictions by G. H. Fredrickson, A. Liu, and F. S. Bates (Macromolecules 1994, 27, 2503) for a purely entropic interaction due to architecture. The change in with the volume fraction of the star in the blend is in agreement with the theory, however. The magnitudes of the interaction in the star/linear blends are small enough that bulk phase separation is unlikely, whereas that in the comb/linear blend is about 20 times higher for the same number of arms. Thus, bulk phase separation can be readily expected for comb/linear blends at commercially relevant values of molecular weights."
37	"Gu X"	1	"Symposium (Mater. Res. Soc. Symposium Proceedings Vol.710) 153-8 (2002)"	"2002"	"710"	"153"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Nanocharacterization of surface and interface of different epoxy networks Polymer Interfaces and Thin Films."	"Raghavan D"	"Ho DL"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Polymer networks"	"Journal not available online"
38	"Guo HK"	1	"International Journal of Modern Physics B"	"2003"	"17 (1-2)"	"119"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Quantitative analysis of rod like micelle solutions viscosity using microscopic parameters"	"Tao RB"	"Lin MY"		"Complex fluids"	"Model fitting"	"We modify the Hayter-Penfold formalism and gave a quantitative analysis to fit the viscosity of rod-like micelles solutions under shear using measured small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) intensity. The original formalism is applicable to a dilute solution, but we found that the theory can fit our measured results excellently if we use the effective viscosity of the solution in place of the solvent viscosity of the original formalism. The fittings yielded good values just the same as our experiment results."
39	"Guo L"	1	"Journal of Rheology"	"2001"	"45 (5)"	"1223"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Micellar structure changes in aqueous mixtures of nonionic surfactants"	"Colby RH"	"Lin MY"	"Dado GP"	"Complex fluids"	"Pluronic structure"	"Rheology and small-angle neutron scattering are used to probe the structure of nonionic surfactant mixtures in water. Small amounts of a C14 diol (Surfynol® 104) cause enormous structural and rheological changes when added to aqueous solutions of an ethylene oxide-propylene oxide-ethylene oxide triblock copolymer (Pluronic® P105). The C14 diol is only soluble up to 0.1 wt % in pure water, but can be added in large quantities to aqueous solutions of the copolymer. The hydrophobic diol incorporates into the existing copolymer micelles and causes a cascade of changes in the micelle structure, with resultant changes in rheology. Particularly striking is the spherical to worm-like micelle transition, where the viscosity changes by a factor of more than 104."
40	"Hammouda B"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (22)"	"8578"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS from poly(ethylene oxide)/water systems"	"Ho D"	"Kline S"		"Polymers"	"Polymer solutions"	"The poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO)/water system is investigated using small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). This system associates to form hydrogen-bonded clusters at high enough concentrations. Two correlation lengths are observed: one long range representing cluster sizes and the other short range representing polymer chain correlations. Clusters are formed at a volume fraction of 4% hPEO in D2O. An LCST transition is obtained between a mixed phase (through hydrogen bonding) and a demixed two-phase region. Solvent deuteration is seen to enhance hydrogen bonding. Deuteration of the polymer backbone is seen to enhance hydrophobic interactions. The average polymer contrast match method fails due to the isotopic dependence of specific interactions. Pressure was seen to lower the LCST by breaking hydrogen bonds. At even higher temperature (beyond the boiling point of water) a UCST transition was observed."
41	"Han CC"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 222: 132-PMSE 2 (2001)"	"2001"			0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering study on polymer-clay solutions."	"Schmidt G"	"Nakatani AI"	"et al."	"Polymer"	"Composites"	"Journal not available online"
42	"Hanley HJM"	1	"International Journal of Thermophysics"	"2001"	"22 (5)"	"1435"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A SANS study of organoclay dispersions"	"Muzny CD"	"Ho DL"	"Glinka C, Manias"	"Complex fluids"	"Clay dispersions"	"Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) is used to investigate the dispersion in toluene of various forms of the complex, Cloisite C15A. Cloisite is a commercially important exchanged clay prepared from montmorillonite and the cation di-tallow ammonium. Points discussed include estimates of the extent to which the complex is dispersed, the amount of organic clay platelet surface layer coverage, and possible network formation of the complex in the solvent. From power-law plots of the scattered neutron intensity versus the wave vector, it is estimated that C15A is well dispersed into clusters which consist of a stack of between three and seven di-tallow-coated montmorillonite platelets. The removal of excess di-tallow from the surface layer reduces the number of platelets in the cluster. Substitution of dimethydioctodecyl ammonium for the di-tallow molecule promotes network formation. It is demonstrated that SANS is a powerful tool for examining these complicated organic/inorganic systems."
43	"Hanley HJM"	1	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (14)"	"5575"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A small-angle neutron scattering study of a commercial organoclay dispersion"	"Muzny CD"	"Ho DL"	"Glinka C"	"Complex fluids"	"Clay dispersions"	"The paper explores the capacity of small angle neutron neutron scattering (SANS) to characterize the dispersion of an exchanged clay in an organic solvent. As an illustration, results are reported for 1% and 2% by mass suspensions of a representative commercial complex, known as Cloisite, C15A in toluene. C15A is prepared from montmorillonite and the cation ditallow (a naturally occurring variant of dimethydioctodecylammonium). For this particular example, the SANS scattered intensity data suggest that the complex is well dispersed into clusters which consist of a stack of between three and six ditallow-coated montmorillonite platelets. The size of the clusters, the amount of ditallow adsorbed on a montmorillonite platelet, and an estimate of the thickness of the adsorbed layer are evaluated. General comments on the fitting of SANS data obtained from a cluster composed of stacked, coated disks are given."
44	"Harris SP"	0	"Journal of Biological Chemistry"	"2003"	"278 (8)"	"6034"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Solution structure of heavy meromyosin by small-angle scattering"	"Heller WT"	"Greaser ML"	"Moss RL, Trewhella J"	"Biology"	"Structure of myosin"	"Elucidation of x-ray crystal structures for the S1 subfragment of myosin afforded atomic resolution of the nucleotide and actin binding sites of the enzyme. The structures have led to more detailed hypotheses regarding the mechanisms by which force generation is coupled to ATP hydrolysis. However, the three-dimensional structure of double-headed myosin consisting of two S1 subfragments has not yet been solved. Therefore, to investigate the overall shape and relative orientations of the two heads of myosin, we performed small-angle x-ray and neutron scattering measurements of heavy meromyosin containing all three light chains (LC1-3) in solution. The resulting small-angle scattering intensity profiles were best fit by models of the heavy meromyosin head-tail junction in which the angular separation between heads was less than 180 degrees. The S1 heads of the best fit models are not related by an axis of symmetry, and one of the two S1 heads is bent back along the rod. These results provide new information on the structure of the head-tail junction of myosin and indicate that combining scattering measurements with high resolution structural modeling is a feasible approach for investigating myosin head-head interactions in solution."
45	"Hassan PA"	0	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2003"	"257 (1)"	"154"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering study of sodium dodecyl sulfate micellar growth driven by addition of a hydrotropic salt"	"Fritz G"	"Kaler EW"		"complex fluid"	"Micellar structure"	"Volumes < 261 not available online"
46	"Heath CH"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2003"	"118 (12)"	"5465"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering from D2O-H2O nanodroplets and binary nucleation rates in a supersonic nozzle"	"Streletzky KA"	"Wyslouzil BE"	"Wölk J, Strey R"	"Complex fluids"	"Supersonic nozzle"	"Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments were used to characterize binary nanodroplets composed of D2O and H2O. The droplets were formed by expanding dilute mixtures of condensible vapor in a N2 carrier gas through a supersonic nozzle, while maintaining the onset of condensation at a fixed position in the nozzle. It is remarkable, given the small coherent scattering length density of light water, that even the pure H2O aerosol gave a scattering signal above background. The scattering spectra were analyzed assuming a log-normal distribution of droplets. On average, the geometric radius of the nanodroplets rg was rg = 13 (±1) nm, the polydispersity ln r was ln r = 0.19 (±0.07), and the number density N was N = (2±0.2)·1011 cm–3. The aerosol volume fractions derived from the SANS measurements are consistent with those derived from the pressure trace experiments, suggesting that the composition of the droplets was close to that of the initial condensible mixture. A quantitative analysis of the scattering spectra as a function of the isotopic composition gave further evidence that the binary droplets exhibit ideal mixing behavior. Because both the stagnation temperature T0 and the location of onset were fixed, the temperature corresponding to the maximum nucleation rate was constant at TJ max = 229 (±1) K. Thus, the experiments let us estimate the isothermal peak nucleation rates as a function of the isotopic composition. The nucleation rates were found to be essentially constant with Jmax equal to (3.6±0.5)·1016 cm–3 s–1 at a mean supersaturation of 44 (±3)."
47	"Hecht AM"	0	"Physical Review E"	"2001"	"64 (4)"	"041402"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of polymer solutions containing fumed silica"	"Horkay F"	"Geissler E"		"Polymers"	"Polymer mixtures"	"Small angle neutron scattering is employed to estimate the interactions in complex multicomponent systems. The method is applied to describe a ternary system, poly(dimethyl siloxane) toluene with silica filler particles. Contrast variation by solvent deuteration is used to distinguish the three different partial structure factors of filled polymer samples, Spp(q),  Spf(q), and Sff(q), where the subscripts p and f refer to polymer and filler. This procedure allows changes to be detected in the distribution of the polymer close to the solid surface. Independent dynamic light scattering measurements are used to validate the method. A comparison is made between the behavior of different filled poly(dimethyl siloxane) PDMS samples. It is found that the polymer distribution is perturbed in the vicinity of the solid surfaces. In the case of weak interactions, the solvent removes the polymer almost completely from the filler particles, while, when the interaction is strong, the surface remains covered."
48	"Hecht AM"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2001"	"105 (24)"	"5637"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutron scattering investigations on a bimodal polymer gel"	"Horkay F"	"Geissler E"		"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"This study investigates structural similarities in polyfluorosilicone (PFSi) gels made by different cross-linking procedures, using small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The scattering properties of gels prepared from long and short precursor chains and of the un-cross-linked polymer solutions are reported. The gel samples were cross-linked by two methods, hydrosilylation, and condensation curing. The scattering response of a bimodal gel made by hydrosilylation is compared with that of a monomodal gel made by condensation curing having nearly identical shear moduli. Significant differences in the microscopic structure are revealed by SANS. In the bimodal gels made by hydrosilylation, the scattering spectrum can be described by two characteristic length scales, one dynamic and one static. The condensation cured sample contains in addition very large structures, possibly due to solid precipitation as a byproduct of the condensation reaction. For this system at least three correlation lengths are thus required to define the scattering curve."
49	"Hedden RC"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (6)"	"1829"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure and dimensions of PAMAM/PEG dendrimer-star polymers"	"Bauer BJ"			"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Dendrimer-star polymers are prepared by grafting monofunctional poly(ethylene glycol) (PEG) chains of low polydispersity onto the terminal groups of poly(amidoamine) (PAMAM) dendrimers. A novel gel permeation chromatography technique is used to calculate the average number of PEG branches (\"arms\") per star. The maximum number of PEG arms (of Mn = 5000 g mol-1) ranges from about 30 arms for a generation 3 dendrimer-star to about 750 arms for a generation 10 dendrimer-star. Radii of gyration of the stars are measured in dilute solution in a good solvent (methanol-d4) by small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The stars have measured radii of gyration of about 6-14 nm. Theoretical dimensions of the stars in dilute solution in a good solvent are calculated by treating the stars as a shell of linear chains tethered to a spherical core. The radii of gyration computed from the core-shell model are consistent with the dilute solution values from SANS."
51	"Heller WT"	0	"Biochemistry"	"2002"	"41 (52)"	"15654"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The solution structure of a cardiac troponin C-troponin I-troponin T complex shows a somewhat compact troponin c interacting with an extended troponin I-Troponin T component"	"Abusamhadneh E"	"Finley N"	"Rosevear PR, Trewhella J"	"Biology"	"Interacting complexes"	"We have investigated the structure of the cTnC-cTnI-cTnT(198-298) calcium-saturated, ternary cardiac troponin complex by small-angle scattering with contrast variation. Shape restoration was also applied to the scattering information resulting from the deuterated cTnC subunit, the unlabeled cTnI-cTnT(198-298) subunits, and the entire complex. The experimental results and modeling indicate that cTnC adopts a partially collapsed conformation, while the cTnI-cTnT(198-298) components have an extended, rod-like structure. Shape restoration applied to the X-ray scattering data and the entire contrast variation series suggest that cTnC and the cTnI-cTnT(198-298) component lie with their long axes roughly parallel to one another with a relatively small surface area for interaction. Our findings indicate that the nature of the interactions between TnC and the TnI-TnT component differs significantly between the cardiac and skeletal isoforms as evidenced by the different degrees of compactness between the cardiac TnC and skeletal TnC in their respective ternary complexes and the fact that the cTnC subunit is not highly intertwined with the other subunits, as observed in the binary complex of the skeletal isoforms [Olah, G. A., and Trewhella, J. (1994) Biochemistry 33, 12800-12806]."
52	"Hentze HP"	0	"Topics in Current Chemistry"	"2003"	"226"	"197"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Templating vesicles, microemulsions, and lyotropic mesophases by organic polymerization processes"	"Co CC"	"McKelvey CA"	"et al."	"Complex fluids"	"Microemulsions"	"Journal not available online"
53	"Hentze HP"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2003"	"8 (2)"	"164"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polymerization of and within self-organized media"	"Kaler EW"			"Complex fluids"	"Clustering"	"Journal not available online"
54	"Hentze HP"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (4)"	"1069"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Silica hollow spheres by templating of catanionic vesicles"	"Raghavan SR"	"McKelvey CA"	"Kaler E"	"Complex fluid"	"Vesicles"	"A simple and effective means for obtaining hollow silica particles of controlled diameter from about 60 to 120 nm is presented. The synthesis utilizes equilibrium vesicles as templates for the directed growth of silica. Two different surfactant systems are used to form the vesicular templates: (a) mixtures of cetyltrimethylammonium bromide (CTAB) and sodium perfluorooctanoate (FC7) and (b) mixtures of cetyltrimethylammonium tosylate (CTAT) and sodium dodecylbenzenesulfonate (SDBS). These templates were chosen because these mixtures of surfactants in water form unilamellar vesicles spontaneously that appear stable in the chemical environment required for silica synthesis. Tetramethoxysilane (TMOS) is added to the vesicular templates as a precursor for silica formation via acid-catalyzed hydrolysis and polycondensation. The morphology of the silica products as observed with transmission electron microscopy (TEM), quasi-elastic light scattering (QLS), and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) is consistent with silica deposition at the vesicle surface, creating hollow silica particles with a 1-2-nm-thick shell and with a core diameter identical to that of the template. TEM reveals under different conditions either discrete hollow particles or networks of linked or aggregated hollow silica shells."
55	"Ho DL"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2001"	"13 (5)"	"1923"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Characterization of organically modified clays using scattering and microscopy techniques"	"Briber RM"	"Glinka CJ"		"Materials science"	"Clay suspensions"	"Understanding the structure of organophilic clays and the interaction between clay platelets dispersed in organic solvents is important for characterizing nanocomposites formed by organophilic clays and polymers. To understand and optimize potential processing conditions, organically modified montmorillonite clays were dispersed in a number of organic solvents covering a range of solubility parameters and characterized using small-angle neutron scattering and wide-angle X-ray scattering techniques. The organic modifier was dimethyl dihydrogenated tallow ammonium. Both as-received (unextracted) and purified (extracted) organically modified clays were studied. The scattering profiles and dispersion behavior in organic solvents of the dry powder of unextracted and of extracted dimethyl dihydrogenated tallow montmorillonite are significantly different, confirming that the organic modifiers are present in excess in the unextracted material as reported by the industrial provider. The scattering data show that both unextracted and extracted organically modified clay platelets were fully exfoliated in chloroform while the platelets retain their lamellar structure and swell to a similar extent in benzene, toluene, and p-xylene, but the extracted material has a stronger tendency to gel. The scattering profiles indicate that the swollen tactoids of extracted material are thinner, and therefore more numerous, which may account for the bulk suspension behavior. The extracted clay dispersion exhibited a concentration dependence on the scattering for all the organic solvents studied except chloroform while the unextracted clay dispersion did not. Neither the extracted nor the unextracted dispersions exhibited any temperature dependence on the scattering. The thickness of unmodified montmorillonite platelets was found to be 9.9 Å while that of organically modified montmorillonite platelets was determined to be 24.3 Å using wide-angle X-ray scattering. The lateral size of organically modified montmorillonite platelets was observed to be in the range of 0.4-1.0 m using atomic force microscopy."
56	"Ho DL"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2003"	"15 (6)"	"1309"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of solvent solubility parameters on organoclay dispersions"	"Glinka CJ"			"Materials science"	"Clay suspensions"	"With Hansen's solubility parameters, o2 = d2 + p2 + h2, the correlation between the degree of exfoliation of organically modified clays and the solvent in which the clay platelets are dispersed/mixed has been analyzed. It has been found that the dispersion force of the solvent, reflected by d, is the principal factor determining whether the clay platelets remain suspended in the solvent while the polar (p) and hydrogen-bonding (h) forces affect primarily the tactoid formation/structure of the suspended platelets. The organically modified clays studied in this work precipitated in any solvent with molecules with moderately strong hydrogen-bonding groups. The correlation found has been used to correctly identify a solvent, trichloroethylene, which completely exfoliates the organically modified clay studied in this work."
57	"Horkay F"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2003"	"200"	"21"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Calcium induced volume transition in polyelectrolyte gels"	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht, A-M"	"Geissler E"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Journal not available online"
59	"Horkay F"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2001"	"171"	"201"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Ion-exchange induced change in the structure and osmotic properties of sodium polyacrylate hydrogels"	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht, A-M"	"Geissler E"	"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"Journal not available online"
60	"Horkay F"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 224: 307-poly part 2 (2002)"	"2002"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Osmotic and small-angle neutron scattering measurements on polyelectrolyte hydrogels swollen in physiological salt solutions."	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht, A-M"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"Journal not available online"
61	"Horkay F"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 223: 039-poly part 2 (2002)"	"2002"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering from strongly charged polyacrylate hydrogels in physiological salt solutions."	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht, A-M"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"Journal not available online"
62	"Horkay F"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 222: 100-poly part 2 (2001)"	"2001"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutron scattering investigations on fluorosilicone gels."	"Uriart, RJ"	"Hecht, A-M"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Polymer gels"	"Journal not available online"
64	"Irvine DJ"	0	"Biomacromolecules"	"2001"	"2 (2)"	"545"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Nanoscale clustering of RGD peptides at surfaces using comb polymers. 2. Surface segregation of comb polymers in polylactide"	"Ruzette AVG"	"Mayes AM"	"Griffith L"	"Biology"	"Clustering"	"Part 1 of these studies described poly(methyl methacrylate-r-polyoxyethylene methacrylate) P(MMA-r-POEM) comb polymers that present Arg-Gly-Asp (RGD) peptides at a surface in nanoscale clusters on a protein-resistant background for control of cell adhesion. Here in part 2, we examine surface segregation of these peptide-modified and unmodified comb polymers blended with polylactide (PLA) as a self-assembly approach suitable for surface modification of porous tissue engineering scaffolds. Multiple thermodynamic driving forces for surface enrichment of the comb polymer are exploited by annealing PLA/P(MMA-r-POEM) blends above the glass transition of the blend components but below the melting point of PLA, while in contact with water. Predictions of the interfacial composition profiles of annealed blends were made using a self-consistent field (SCF) lattice model. The calculations predict strong enrichment of the comb in the top ~50 Å of blends, and organization of comb molecules in quasi-2D conformations at the interface, similar to the apparent structure of pure comb surfaces in contact with water described in part 1. Experimentally, PLA/comb blend surfaces were characterized by contact angle measurements, XPS, quantification of ligand-cluster surface density and stability by AFM and fluorescent nanosphere labeling, and cell attachment assays. These data were consistent with SCF predictions, showing significant enrichment of the comb at water-annealed surfaces and RGD cluster densities consistent with 2D conformations for comb molecules in the surface layer. Bulk miscibility of the blends was verified by dynamic rheometry, small-angle neutron scattering, DSC and X-ray diffraction studies. Surface segregation of combs provided tunable cell adhesion on PLA through surface-localized nanoclusters of RGD atop a cell-resistant background."
65	"Jeng U"	1	"Physica A"	"2002"	"304 (1-2)"	"191"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS and SAXS study on aqueous mixtures of fullerene-based star ionomers and sodium dodecyl sulfate"	"Lin TL"	"Liu WJ"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Ionomers"	"Issue not available online"
66	"Jeng US"	1	"Applied Physics A"	"2002"	"74 (S1)"	"s487"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS structural characterization of fullerenol-derived star polymers in solutions"	"Lin TL"	"Wang LY"	"Chiang LY, Ho DL, Han CC"	"materials science"	"Fullerenes"	"We have studied the chain conformations of fullerenol-derived star polymers in two organic solvents using small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The SANS results indicate that the six poly(urethane-ether) arms, chemically bonded on the fullerenol of the C60-based star polymer, have a Gaussian chain conformation in toluene. However, these arms exhibit a pronounced excluded-volume effect in dimethylformamide solutions. We use a scattering model, with the polydispersity of the polymer taken into account, and a fractal model to extract the radius of gyration Rg values and the persistence lengths of the C60-star polymers in these two organic solutions."
67	"Jones RL"	0	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering vol.4690 : 342-50 2002"	"2002"			0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Chain conformation in ultrathin polymer films"	"Soles CL"	"Starr FW"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Thin films"	"Journal not available online"
68	"Jones RL"	0	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering"	"2003"	"5038"	"191"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Sub-nanometer wavelength metrology of lithographically prepared structures: A comparison of neutron and X-ray scattering"	"Tengjiao Hu"	"Lin EK"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Lithography"	"Journal not available online"
69	"Jones RL"	0	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering"	"2003"	"5039"	"1031"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Deprotection volume characteristics and line edge morphology in chemcially amplified resists"	"Tengjiao Hu"	"Prabhu VM"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Lithography"	"Journal not available online"
70	"Jones RL"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (3)"	"559"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Chain conformation in ultrathin polymer films using small-angle neutron scattering"	"Kumar SK"	"Ho DL"	"Briber D, Russell T"	"Polymers"	"Thin films"	"Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments were conducted on isotopic polystyrene blend films spin-coated onto hydrogen passivated silicon wafers over a wide range of wavevectors, q (0.56 qRG,bulk 50, where RG,bulk is the unperturbed radius of gyration of the chains). The films thickness varied from \"bulk\" (D/RG,bulk 50, where D is the film thickness) to smaller than RG,bulk (10 nm, i.e., D/RG,bulk 0.5). Samples were annealed for long times at temperatures well above the glass transition temperature to ensure thermal equilibrium and then quenched to room temperature. Scattering experiments were then performed in a transmission geomtery. Analysis of the data using the RPA model (most appropriate for qRG,bulk 1) and the Kratky approach (4 qRG,bulk 50) independently confirms that the chains retain their unperturbed Gaussian conformations in the direction parallel to the surfaces, i.e., normal to the confinement direction. These results lend significant credence to computer simulations and past analytical theories, which suggest that chain conformation in these thin films can be viewed as reflected random walks."
71	"Keller T"	1	"Applied Physics A"	"2002"	"74 (S1)"	"s975"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterisation of thermally sprayed metallic NiCrAlY deposits by multiple small-angle scattering"	"Wanger W"	"Allen A"	"Ilavsky J, Margadant N, Siegmann S, Kostorz G"	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"The technique of multiple small-angle neutron scattering (MSANS) was applied to thermally sprayed metallic deposits. The samples are technologically relevant Ni-based NiCrAlY coatings manufactured by different spray techniques (atmospheric and water-stabilised plasma spraying, flame spraying). MSANS measurements were made in directions parallel and perpendicular to the surface plane. Based on empirical considerations and on the analysis of SEM micrographs of coating cross-sections, the complex microstructures were modelled in terms of three distinct void systems. Employing a recent MSANS formalism, the experimental beam-broadening as a function of incident wavelength was used to derive the model parameters under the constraints of MSANS anisotropy, total measured porosity, and total internal surface area. The surface area was obtained from small-angle neutron scattering analysis in the Porod regime."
72	"King HE"	0	"Dynamics in Small Confining Systems V. Symposium"	"2001"	"651"	"T8.4.1"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Anomalous surface conformation for polymeric gas-hydrate-crystal inhibitors"	"Hutter JL"	"Lin MY"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Crystallinity"	"Journal not available online"
73	"King HE"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2000"	"112 (5)"	"2523"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polymer conformations of gas-hydrate kinetic inhibitors: A small-angle neutron scattering study"	"Hutter JL"	"Lin MY"	"Sun T"	"Polymers"	"Polymer conformations"	"We have used small-angle neutron scattering to characterize the polymer conformations of four nonionic water soluble polymers: poly(ethylene oxide), poly(N-vinyl-2-pyrollidone), poly(N-vinyl-2-caprolactam), and an N-methyl, N-vinylacetamide/N-vinyl-2-caprolactam copolymer. The last three of these are able to kinetically suppress hydrate crystallization, and their inhibitor activity ranges from moderate to very effective. This attribute is of significant commercial importance to the oil and gas industry, but the mechanism of the activity is unknown. The dilute-solution polymer conformation in a hydrate-forming tetrahydrofuran/water fluid shows little difference among the four polymers: the majority of the scattering is that expected for a polymer in a good solvent. Each solution also exhibits some additional low-q scattering which we attribute to aggregates. In the presence of a hydrate-crystal/liquid slurry, the three inhibitor polymers significantly change their conformation. Utilizing results from our previous contrast variation study, we show that this arises from polymer adsorbed to the hydrate-crystal surface. Furthermore, we find a strong correlation between the scattering intensity at low q values and the effectiveness of the inhibitor polymer. We suggest this is an indication that as surface adsorption increases, the inhibitor's blocking of growth sites increases. Also measured for one of the kinetic-inhibitor polymers was the dilute-solution polymer conformation in a hydrate-forming propane/water fluid (hydrate crystal free). This system shows additional low-q scattering, possibly indicating a polymer–propane interaction prior to crystal formation. This may affect hydrate nucleation behavior and offer a second mechanism for kinetic hydrate inhibition."
74	"King S"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2002"	"190"	"33"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS from adsorbed polymer layers"	"Griffiths P"	"Hone J"	"Cosgrove T"	"Polymers"	"Adsorption"	"Journal not available online"
76	"Krishnamoorti R"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2002"	"40 (16)"	"1768"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Melt-state polymer chain dimensions as a function of temperature"	"Graessley WW"	"Zirkel A"	"Richter D, Hadjichristidis N, Fetters LJ, Lohse DJ"	"Polymers"	"Coil dimensions"	"The unperturbed chain dimensions (R2o/M) of cis/trans-1,4-polyisoprene, a near-atactic poly(methyl methacrylate), and atactic polyolefins were measured as a function of temperature in the melt state via small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The polyolefinic materials were derived from polydienes or polystyrene via hydrogenation or deuteration and represent structures not encountered commercially. The parent polymers were prepared via lithium-based anionic polymerizations in cyclohexane with, in some cases, a polymer microstructure modifier present. The polyolefins retained the near-monodisperse molecular weight distributions exhibited by the precursor materials. The melt SANS-based chain dimension data allowed the evaluation of the temperature coefficients [dln R2o/dT()] for these polymers. The evaluated polymers obeyed the packing length (p)-based expressions of the plateau modulus, G = kT/np3 (MPa), and the entanglement molecular weight, Me = Nanp3 (g mol-1), where nt denotes the number (21) of entanglement strands in a cube with the dimensions of the reptation tube diameter (dt) and is the chain density. The product np3 is the displaced volume (Ve) of an entanglement that is also expressible as pd or kT/G. © 2002 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Polym Sci Part B: Polym Phys 40: 1768-1776, 2002"
77	"Krishnamoorti R"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"115 (15)"	"7175"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of silicate layer anisotropy on cylindrical and spherical microdomain ordering in block copolymer nanocomposites"	"Silva AS"	"Mitchell CA"		"Polymers"	"Copolymer morphology"	"The influence of the addition of small quantities of anisotropic layered silicates on the ordering of block copolymers is studied by a combination of linear viscoelasticity and small angle neutron scattering. Specifically, we examine the influence of varying the lateral dimensions of thermodynamically roughly equivalent layered silicates on the development of cylindrical and spherical microdomain order in a blend of a matched diblock and triblock copolymer. The kinetics for the development of spheres arranged on a bcc lattice from an initial disordered state are dramatically accelerated by the two larger layered silicates with equivalent diameters of ~1 and 10 µm, while the incorporation of an organically modified laponite, with an equivalent diameter of ~30 nm, has no influence on these kinetics. On the other hand, the addition of layered silicates, irrespective of layer dimensions, has no influence on the development of cylindrical ordered microdomains and the epitaxial transformation of shear-aligned cylindrical microdomains to spherical microdomains."
78	"Krishnamurthy VV"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2003"	"67 (5)"	"051406"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear- and magnetic-field-induced ordering in magnetic nanoparticle dispersion from small-angle neutron scattering"	"Bhandar AS"	"Piao M"	"Zoto I, Lane AM, Nikles DE, Wiest JM, Mankey GJ, Porcar L, Glinka CJ"	"Materials science"	"Ferromagnetic nanoparticles"	"Small-angle neutron scattering experiments have been performed to investigate orientational ordering of a dispersion of rod-shaped ferromagnetic nanoparticles under the influence of shear flow and static magnetic field. In this experiment, the flow and flow gradient directions are perpendicular to the direction of the applied magnetic field. The scattering intensity is isotropic in zero-shear-rate or zero-applied-field conditions, indicating that the particles are randomly oriented. Anisotropic scattering is observed both in a shear flow and in a static magnetic field, showing that both flow and field induce orientational order in the dispersion. The anisotropy increases with the increase of field and with the increase of shear rate. Three states of order have been observed with the application of both shear flow and magnetic field. At low shear rates, the particles are aligned in the field direction. When increasing shear rate is applied, the particles revert to random orientations at a characteristic shear rate that depends on the strength of the applied magnetic field. Above the characteristic shear rate, the particles align along the flow direction. The experimental results agree qualitatively with the predictions of a mean field model."
79	"Krueger S"	1	"Biochemistry"	"2003"	"42 (7)"	"1958"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Entropic nature of the interaction between promoter bound CRP mutants and RNA polymerase"	"Gregurick S"	"Shi Y"	"Wang S, Wladkowski BD, Schwarz FP"	"Biology"	"DNA-CRP/mutant complexes"	"The interaction between CRP, T127L, S128A, and CRP* and RNA polymerase bound to a 104 bp synthetic promoter were determined by ITC at 298 K and ranges from a Gb = 1.4 ± 0.8 kJ mol-1 (cAMP-ligated S128A) to 4.5 ± 0.3 kJ mol-1 (cAMP-ligated double mutant CRP*) with endothermicities that range from 4 ± 3 kJ mol-1 (cAMP-ligated CRP) to 47 ± 8 kJ mol-1 (cGMP-ligated T127L). The interaction is, thus, entropically driven, exhibits enthalpy-entropy compensation, and increases the binding affinity of the RNA polymerase to the promoter by factors ranging from 1.7 ± 0.1 (cAMP-ligated S128A) to 6.1 ± 0.1 (cAMP-ligated CRP*). Although the binding affinities to the promoter alone, except for cAMP-ligated S128A, are the same as to a shorter 40 bp duplex containing the same CRP consensus binding site sequence (conDNA), the binding enthalpies of CRP/mutant to the promoter are lower by factors of 2-3× than the corresponding binding enthalpies to conDNA. Small angle neutron scattering measurements on the DNA-CRP/mutant complexes in D2O/H2O solutions exhibit an increase in the Rg of the CRP/mutant component from 22 to 27-31 Å that can be attributed to a conformational change in the N-terminal domain of CRP. The Rg = 27 Å for the bound conDNA can be attributed to a slight unwinding of the DNA in solution that would also enhance the activation of transcription. The Rg = 53 ± 3 Å for the bound promoter is attributed to bending of the promoter in solution that can be responsible for the lower CRP/mutant-promoter binding endothermicities."
80	"Krueger S"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2003"	"84 (2s)"	"175a"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Interaction of GroEL and GroEL/GroES Chaperonins with a non-native polypeptide substrate: A small-angle neutron scattering study."	"Gregurick S"	"Zondlo J"	"Wang S, Wladkowski BD, Schwarz FP"	"Biology"	"Chaperonins"	"Article not found online"
81	"Kulkarni A"	1	"Acta Materialia"	"2003"	"51 (9)"	"2457"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Comprehensive microstructural characterization and predictive property modeling of plasma-sprayed zirconia coatings"	"Wang Z"	"Nakamura T"	"Sampath S, Goland A, Herman H, Allen J, Ilavsky J, Long G, Frahm J, Steinbrech RW"	"materials science"	"Ceramics structure"	"Quantitative microstructure characterization to better understand processing-microstructure-property correlations is of considerable interest in plasma sprayed coating research. This paper quantifies, by means of small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data, microstructure (porosity, opening dimensions, orientation and morphologies) in plasma sprayed partially-stabilized zirconia (PSZ) coatings, primarily used as thermal barrier coatings. We report on the investigation of the influence of feedstock characteristics on microstructure and establish its influence on the resultant thermal and mechanical properties. The microstructural parameters determined by SANS studies are then assembled into a preliminary model to develop a predictive capability for estimating the properties of these coatings. Thermal conductivity and elastic modulus were predicted using finite element analysis and ultimately compared to experimental values."
83	"Lee JH"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (20)"	"7748"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamics and phase behavior of block copolymer/homopolymer blends with attractive and repulsive interactions"	"Balsara NP"	"Chakraborty AK"	"Krishnamoorti R, Hammouda B"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer micelles"	"Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments were conducted on a 25 vol % blend of a poly(ethylene-block-head-to-head propylene) copolymer (PE-PP) in polyisobutylene (PIB). PE/PIB and PE/PP chains are incompatible (the Flory-Huggins interaction parameter > 0), while PIB and PP are compatible ( < 0) at low temperatures and incompatible ( > 0) at high temperatures. These interactions lead to an order-disorder transition at 150 ± 5 C and macrophase separation at 251 ± 5 C. The nature of the concentration fluctuations in the homogeneous state (155 C < T < 246 C) was studied by comparing the experimentally determined SANS profiles with theoretical calculations based on the multicomponent random phase approximation (RPA). Order formation at low temperatures is driven by two parameters: PE/PIB and lPP (the statistical segment length of the PP block). The other temperature-dependent parameters drive the system away from the ordering transition. At high temperatures, the RPA predicts microphase separation, while experimental data (neutron and light scattering) indicate macrophase separation. This discrepancy is mainly due to the inability of the RPA to correctly account for the large length scale concentration fluctuations."
84	"Lee JH"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"26 (17)"	"6537"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of highly immiscible polymer blends stabilized by a balanced block copolymer surfactant"	"Ruegg ML"	"Balsara NP"	"Zhu Y, Gido SP, Krishnamoorti R, Kim M-H"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer micelles"	"The phase behavior of mixtures of polyisobutylene (PIB), polyethylene (PE), and a symmetric polyethylene-block-head-to-head polypropylene copolymer (PE-PP) was studied by transmission electron microscopy (TEM) and small-angle neutron and light scattering. The thermodynamic interactions between PE/PP and PE/PIB are repulsive (Flory-Huggins parameter > 0 and decreases with increasing temperature), while those between PP/PIB are attractive ( < 0 and increases with increasing temperature). When the PE-PP copolymer is added to a 50/50 PE/PIB mixture, the resulting phase diagram in temperature-copolymer composition space exhibits many of the characteristics of \"fish-shaped\" phase diagrams found in oil/water mixtures stabilized by balanced surfactants. This is due to the interplay between the different parameters that characterize the system. Lamellar phases, single droplet microemulsions, and bicontinuous microemulsions were observed. The length scales of these structures and the locations of the phase transition points on the phase diagram determined by TEM and scattering are in reasonable agreement. Phase transitions from a lamellar phase to a single droplet microemulsion phase, and from a bicontinuous microemulsion to a macrophase-separated structure, have been identified."
85	"Lefebvre AA"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (20)"	"7758"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Determination of the phase boundary of high molecular weight polymer blends"	"Balsara NP"	"Lee JH"	"Vaidyanathan C"	"Polymers"	"Polymer blends"	"The Flory-Huggins interaction parameter, , of an off-critical poly(methylbutylene)/poly(ethylbutylene) blend was measured over a wide temperature (T) and pressure (P) range by comparing small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) profiles from single-phase systems with predictions based on the random phase approximation (RPA). We show that , which is a nonlinear function of 1/T at low pressures, becomes a linear function of 1/T at elevated pressures (above 2.5 kbar). The pressure dependence of the phase boundary (i.e., binodal temperature) of our blend was determined from a series of dissolution experiments wherein a phase-separated sample was heated under isobaric conditions until the SANS profiles were identical to calculations based on the RPA. The binodal, thus obtained, was in quantitative agreement with that computed using the Flory-Huggins theory. The agreement was obtained without any adjustable parameters. Binodals determined by the more traditional cloud point measurements are erroneous due to the presence of large nucleation barriers."
86	"Lefebvre AA"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"116 (12)"	"4777"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Critical length and time scales during the initial stages of nucleation in polymer blends"	"Lee JH"	"Balsara NP"	"Hammouda B"	"Polymers"	"Polymer blend phase separation"	"The initial stages of nucleation during liquid–liquid phase separation in polymer mixtures were studied by time-resolved small angle neutron scattering. The time required for nucleation vanishes exponentially as the stability limit (spinodal) is approached. The critical nucleus size decreases monotonically with increasing quench depth and remains finite at the spinodal. Our data differ qualitatively from theoretical predictions."
87	"Lefebvre AA"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"117 (19)"	"9063"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Determination of critical length scales and the limit of metastability in phase separating polymer blends"	"Lee JH"	"Balsara NP"	"Vaidyanathan C"	"Polymers"	"Polymer blends phase separation"	"Liquid–liquid phase separation in polymethylbutylene/polyethylbutylene blends near the metastability limit was studied using small angle neutron scattering (SANS). Our objective was to study the relationship between quench depth and Rc, the lower limit for the length scale of the structures formed during the early stages of the phase transition (nuclei). During the early stage of phase separation, the SANS profiles merged at a time-independent critical scattering vector, qc. We discuss different methods for estimating qc, and present arguments for the scaling relationship, Rc~1/qc. The theory of Cahn and Hilliard predicts that in metastable blends Rc increases with increasing quench depth, and diverges at the spinodal. In contrast, our experimental measurements showed Rc increases with decreasing quench depth, and the location of the point where Rc diverges lies between the binodal and the spinodal. Some aspects of our results are addressed in recent theoretical work of Wang and Wood [J. Chem. Phys. 117, 481 (2002)], wherein the effects of fluctuations on the binodal and spinodal curves in polymer blends are incorporated."
88	"Lefebvre AA"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"117 (19)"	"9074"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Fluctuation mediated phase separation in polymer blends near the limit of metastability"	"Lee JH"	"Balsara NP"	"Vaidyanathan C"	"Polymers"	"Polymer blend phase separation"	"The evolution of the structure factor of off-critical polyolefin (polymethylbutylene/polyethylbutylene) blends quenched from the homogeneous state to states near the limit of metastability was studied by small angle neutron scattering. The Cahn–Hilliard–Cook theory was used to organize the data in terms of three time-independent parameters that depend on the scattering vector, q: S0(q), the initial structure factor, St(q), the terminal structure factor, and R(q), a kinetic parameter that indicates the time scale for the transformation from S0(q) to St(q). These three parameters change systematically with quench depth. Changes in the structure factor S(q,t) are only observed in the q values smaller than a critical scattering vector, qc. At small quench depths, qc is obtained because R(q)0 as qqc. At deeper quenches, qc is obtained because St(q)S0(q) as qqc. Scattering characteristics at q<qc such as scattering peaks or the lack thereof arise due to the interplay between R(q) and St(q)."
89	"Lesemann M"	0	"Industrial & Engineering Chemistry Research"	"2003"	"42 (25)"	"6425"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-assembly at high pressures: SANS study of the effect of pressure on microstructure of C8E5 micelles in water"	"Nathan H"	"DiNoia TP"	"Kirby CF, McHugh MA, van Zanten JH, Paulaitis ME"	"Complex fluids"	"Self assembly under pressure"	"We present the results of a high-pressure small-angle neutron scattering study of the effect of pressure on surfactant microstructure. The study was carried out on a solution of 1 wt % C8E5 in D2O at 29.4 C and pressures up to 310 MPa. The C8E5 micelles that form under these conditions are noninteracting. We find that applying pressure leads to a pronounced decrease in the micelle radius of gyration and the forward scattering intensity over the pressure range from ambient to 150 MPa. The partial molecular volume of the surfactant and the extent of hydration of the surfactant head groups in the micelle were also determined using the method of solvent contrast variation. Both quantities decrease with the application of pressure up to 150 MPa. Core-shell model fits to the scattering spectra over the entire q-range indicate that the shell radius decreases, while the hydrophobic core radius increases slightly with pressure. The pressure dependence of the shell radius is notably similar to that observed for the radius of gyration. Collectively, these observations lead to the conclusion that the effect of pressure on C8E5 micellization is to induce the dehydration of surfactant head groups and the collapse of the hydrophilic micelle shell at pressures between ambient and 150 MPa."
90	"Lin EK"	0	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering"	"2002"	"4689"	"541"	0	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural characterization of deep-submicron lithographic structures using small-angle neutron scattering"	"Jones RL"	"Wu W-L"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Lithography"	"Journal not available online"
92	"Lin YN"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2002"	"106 (42)"	"10845"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Self-assembly of an amphiphilic siloxane graft copolymer in water"	"Alexandridis P"			"Polymers"	"Graft copolymers"	"The micelle formation and micelle structure of an amphiphilic poly(dimethylsiloxane)-graft-polyether copolymer in aqueous solution were investigated with a variety of experimental techniques. We measured the CMC by three different methods-DPH solubilization, methyl orange hypsochromic shift, and pyrene fluorescence I1/I3 ratio. The microviscosity was evaluated from DPH anisotropy values that were obtained by fluorescence polarization measurements. The microviscosity in the siloxane copolymer micelles was found lower than that in Pluronic block copolyether micelles. The micelle size and structure were obtained from small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) using the hard sphere model. The micelle hydrodynamic radius and the micelle size distribution were monitored by dynamic light scattering (DLS). The degree of hydration was estimated from a combination of DLS and SANS results. The temperature effect on CMC was found to be small; however, a structural transition of micelles from spheres to ellipsoids was observed by SANS at elevated temperature (60 C)."
93	"Lin YN"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2002"	"106 (47)"	"12124"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering characterization of micelles formed by poly(dimethylsiloxane)-graft-polyether copolymers in mixed polar solvents"	"Alexandridis P"			"Polymers"	"Graft copolymers"	"The self-assembled structure of an amphiphilic poly(dimethylsiloxane)-graft-polyether copolymer has been investigated in binary solvents consisting of water and one of the following polar organic solvents: 2-propanol, ethanol, formamide, or glycerol. Micelle structural parameters were obtained by fitting the core-corona form factor and hard-sphere interaction structure factor to small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data obtained at contrast conditions where the solvents were fully deuterated and the copolymer was not. The siloxane copolymer forms in water at 20 C micelles that consist of a \"dry\" core with a radius of about 6 nm and a solvated (about 40% polymer) corona with a thickness of 2 nm; the relatively thin corona may be due to the comb-type architecture of the siloxane copolymer. The micelle radii, micelle core radii, micelle association numbers, and polymer volume fractions in the micelle core and corona decreased with increasing cosolvent/water ratio in the mixed solvents containing 2-propanol, ethanol, or formamide. On the contrary, the addition of glycerol led to an increase of the micelle association number. The above findings are discussed in terms of the relative location of the polar organic solvents in the interior or exterior of the siloxane copolymer micelles. In particular, the micelle association numbers observed for different water-cosolvent mixtures can be correlated to the octanol-water partition coefficients of the respective cosolvents. A transition from spherical to ellipsoid micelles was observed upon an increase in the temperature: this is attributed to the desolvation of the polyether chains. This structural transition correlates with the solvent quality in the mixed solvents: ethanol and 2-propanol, which solvate the interior of the micelles, tending to keep the micelles spherical, while increased glycerol content in the mixed solvent leads to the formation of ellipsoids at a fixed temperature."
94	"Lin YN"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2002"	"106 (42)"	"10834"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Temperature-dependent adsorption of pluronic F127 block copolymers onto carbon black particles dispersed in aqueous media"	"Alexandridis P"			"Polymers"	"Pluronics"	"The adsorption properties of Pluronic F127 poly(ethylene oxide)-poly(propylene oxide)-poly(ethylene oxide) PEO-PPO-PEO block copolymer onto carbon black (CB) particles dispersed in water have been investigated. The CB particles have fractal structure according to small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) measurements. The Langmuir isotherm could describe the adsorption behavior of Pluronic F127 onto CB particles below the block copolymer critical micellization concentration (CMC). Temperature plays an important role in determining the thickness and structure of the adsorbed layer. Below the temperature where micelles start forming (CMT), the added Pluronic F127 block copolymer molecules contribute to an increase of the adsorbed layer thickness (determined by dynamic light scattering) by forming a monolayer. Above the CMT, SANS experiments, performed under contrast matching conditions where either the block copolymer or the CB particles were rendered \"invisible\", confirmed that the adsorbed layer had structure and dimensions similar to these of Pluronic F127 block copolymer micelles that form in aqueous solution in the absence of CB. One of the aims of this work is to provide information on how to control the adsorbed layer thickness and structure (and correspondingly, colloidal stability) by tuning variables such as temperature, block copolymer concentration, and/or solvent quality."
95	"Lin YN"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (16)"	"6147"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Adsorption of a rake-type siloxane surfactant onto carbon black nanoparticles dispersed in aqueous media"	"Smith TW"	"Alexandridis P"		"Complex fluids"	"Adsorption on carbon black"	"The adsorption properties of a rake-type siloxane surfactant (consisting of a poly(dimethylsiloxane) backbone with grafted polyether) on carbon black (CB) nanoparticles have been investigated. The CB particles have fractal structure according to transmission electron microscopy and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data. Surface compositions, determined by X-ray photoelectron spectroscopy, indicate that the CB surface is partly oxidized, prove the adsorption of the siloxane surfactant onto the CB particles, and suggest that the surface coverage is incomplete. The adsorption obeys the Langmuir isotherm at low filtrate concentrations (below the critical micelle concentration, cmc). At higher filtrate concentrations, a sharp increase in the adsorbed amount is observed. The adsorbed layer thickness was determined by viscometry and dynamic light scattering. These two methods give good agreement on the adsorbed layer thickness (~30 nm) at surfactant concentrations above the cmc. This thickness is comparable to the hydrodynamic radius of the siloxane micelles in water. SANS experiments, performed under contrast matching conditions where either the CB particles or the siloxane surfactant was rendered \"invisible\", confirm that the adsorbed layer has structure and dimensions similar to those of siloxane surfactant micelles in aqueous solution in the absence of CB."
96	"Lin-Gibson S"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2003"	"119 (15)"	"8080"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear-induced mesostructure in nanoplatelet-polymer networks"	"Schmidt G"	"Kim H"	"Han CC, Hobbie EK"	"Materials science"	"Clay dispersions under shear"	"The shear response of a model polymer–clay gel is measured using small-angle neutron and light scattering, optical microscopy, and rheometry. As the flow disrupts the transient network that forms between clay and polymer, coupling between composition and stress leads to the formation of a macroscopic domain pattern, while the clay platelets orient with their surface normal parallel to the direction of vorticity. We discuss similarities with shear-induced structural transitions observed in other Complex fluids, and we offer a physical explanation for the orientation of the clay platelets."
97	"Liu LM"	0	"Journal of Dispersion Science and Technology"	"2002"	"23 (1-3)"	"441"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Nanostructured materials synthesis in a mixed surfactant mesophase"	"Li SC"	"Simmons B"	"et al."	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"Journal not available online"
98	"Liu SY"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (26)"	"10732"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural fixation of spontaneous vesicles in aqueous mixtures of polymerizable anionic and cationic surfactants"	"Gonzalez YI"	"Kaler EW"		"Complex fluids"	"Vesicle structure"	"Two polymerizable surfactants, cationic methacryloyloxyundecyl trimethylammonium bromide and anionic sodium 4-(-methacryloyloxyundecyl)oxy benzene sulfonate, have been synthesized. The microstructures formed by mixtures of these surfactants in aqueous solution include stable vesicles, the structure of which can be fixed by polymerization. Both native and polymerized vesicles are characterized using quasi-elastic and static light scattering, small-angle neutron scattering, and cryogenic transmission electron microscopy. Polymerization captures the bilayer structure without creating appreciable intervesicle cross-linking."
100	"Mackay ME"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (22)"	"8391"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microphase separation of hybrid dendron-linear diblock copolymers into ordered structures"	"Hong Y"	"Jeong M"	"Tande BM, Wagner NJ, Hong S, Gido SP, Vestberg R, Hawker CJ"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Hybrid copolymers with dendritic-linear blocks are shown to exhibit many of the classic microphase-separated structures of linear-linear block copolymers. Transmission electron microscopy (TEM), small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) were used to evaluate the morphology of a sixth generation (G6) poly(benzyl ether) dendron covalently bonded to linear polystyrene (PS) at the dendron focal point. Increasing the fraction of the linear block, PS, through an increase in the molecular weight of the PS block revealed morphologies evolving from disordered to ordered lamellar to hexagonally close-packed dendron cylinders. Significantly, the observed morphologies are distinct from those expected for analogous linear-linear blocks at equivalent volume fraction, although the direction of progression follows expectation. Quantitative analysis suggests substantial molecular deformation or shape change in the dendritic phase. The possible role of conformational entropy in determining the overall free energy is suggested to be important for this class of block copolymer."
101	"Malwitz MM"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2003"	"41 (24)"	"3237"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Orientation of platelets in multilayered nanocomposite polymer films"	"Lin-Gibson S"	"Hobbie EK"	"Butler PD, Schmidt G"	"Polymers"	"Nanocomposites"	"The orientation of platelets in micro-meter-thick polymer-clay nanocomposite films was investigated with small-angle neutron scattering (SANS), small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), and wide-angle X-ray diffraction (WAXD). The films with various clay contents (15-60% by mass fraction) were prepared by a layer-by-layer approach from polymer-clay solutions that led to the formation of a high degree of orientation in both polymer and clay platelets. Shear-induced orientation of polymer-clay solutions is compared with the orientation of polymer-clay films. SANS, SAXS, and WAXD, with beam configurations in and perpendicular to the spread direction of the film, were used to determine the structure and orientation of platelets. In all films, the clay platelets oriented preferentially in the plane of the film. The observed differences in semidilute solutions, with clay surface normal parallel to the vorticity direction, versus bulk films and with clay surface normal parallel to the shear gradient direction at clay mass fractions of 40 and 60%, were attributed to the collapses of clay platelet during the drying process."
102	"Maranzano BJ"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"117 (22)"	"10291"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Flow-small angle neutron scattering measurements of colloidal dispersion microstructure evolution through the shear thickening transition"	"Wagner NJ"			"Complex fluids"	"Shear effect"	"The shear induced microstructure for electrostatic and Brownian suspensions are compared using in situ small angle neutron scattering (SANS). The dispersions consist of 75 nm Stöber silica coated with 3-(trimethoxysilyl) propyl methacrylate (TPM) and have a zeta potential of –42.6±4.7 mV. Neutralizing the surface charge with 0.066 nitric acid yields stable hard-sphere dispersions. SANS is conducted over a range of shear rates on the charge-stabilized and Brownian suspensions to test the order–disorder transition and hydrocluster mechanisms for shear thickening, and demonstrate the influence of stabilizing forces on the shear induced microstructure evolution. Through treatment of the colloidal micromechanics, shear induced changes in the microstructure are correlated to the hydrodynamic component of the shear stress and the thermodynamic component of the normal stress, i.e., the method of \"Rheo-SANS\" is developed. The results demonstrate that hydrocluster formation accompanies the shear thickening transition."
103	"Marshall JC"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (25)"	"9668"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering of gelatin/sodium dodecyl sulfate complexes at the polystyrene/water interface"	"Cosgrove T"	"Jack K"	"Howe A"	"Complex fluid"	"Complexes interface"	"Using isotopic substitution, the small-angle neutron scattering from a gelatin layer preadsorbed upon polystyrene latex has been measured as a function of the added concentration of sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS). The data have been fitted using a model which includes an exponential volume fraction profile and a term to account for the scattering from spatial concentration fluctuations. Measurements indicate that the gelatin layer thickness increases to a maximum as a function of SDS concentration, while the volume fraction of gelatin adsorbed at the interface simultaneously decreases. Consequently, the adsorbed amount of gelatin peaks at SDS concentrations equivalent to approximately one SDS micelle/gelatin chain. Further addition of SDS sees the adsorbed amount decay below that of the system in the absence of SDS. At the highest SDS concentrations, the gelatin also develops a scattering form similar to that of SDS micelles."
104	"Martter TD"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2002"	"40 (15)"	"1704"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Architecture-driven thermodynamic interactions in blends of star-branched and linear poly(methyl methacrylate)"	"Foster MD"	"Ohno K"	"Haddleton, DM"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"No abstract"
105	"Martter TD"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (26)"	"9763"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Nonuniversal behavior of the thermodynamic interaction parameter in blends of star and linear polybutadiene"	"Foster MD"	"Yoo T"	"Xu S, Lizzaraga G, Quirk RP, Butler PD"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Values of the bulk thermodynamic interaction parameter, eff, for blends of anionically polymerized star (number of arms = 4, 6, 8, 12) and linear polybutadienes (PB) of well-defined architecture and molecular weight were measured as a function of temperature using small-angle neutron scattering. Comparison of these measured values of eff with results from comparable polystyrene (PS) blends suggests the existence of nonuniversal aspects in the thermodynamic interaction due to entropic contributions, , arising from architectural differences in chains. While the value of for PS star/linear blends increases monotonically with number of arms in the star, the value of in the PB star/linear blends does not, a result which cannot be anticipated by the Gaussian field theory (GFT) of Fredrickson et al.1 An important discrepancy between theory and experiment is also found for the variation of with linear chain length. Theory anticipates the value of should decrease with increasing linear chain size, but in fact it increases. Qualitative agreement with the GFT is found on two counts: decreases with increasing concentration of star (when assuming isotopic for linear/linear blends is constant with concentration), and decreases with increasing length of the star arm. In general, the value of for a PB blend of star and linear components is larger than the value of for a comparable PS blend. Indeed, phase separation is observed in one particular PB blend of a six-arm star with a sufficiently large linear chain."
106	"Martter TD"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2003"	"41 (3)"	"247"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamic interaction parameter of star-star polybutadiene blends"	"Foster MD"	"Yoo T"	"Xu S, Lizzaraga G, Quirk RP"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"The value of the thermodynamic interaction parameter, eff, for star-star polybutadiene blends was determined with small-angle neutron scattering. Blends in which the stars have the same number of arms and blends in which the stars have different numbers of arms are investigated. For star-star isotopic blends with components having the same number of arms, the presence of the junction point of the star leads to a value of eff that is larger than that for an analogous linear-linear isotopic blend. However, changes in the value of eff resulting from small dissimilarities in the number of arms of the two components in the isotopic star-star blends were too small to resolve. © 2002 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Polym Sci Part B: Polym Phys 41: 247-257, 2003"
107	"Mason TG"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2003"	"67 (5)"	"050401"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Asphaltene nanoparticle aggregation in mixtures of incompatible crude oils"	"Lin MY"			"Complex fluids"	"Asphaltene"	"We study the structure and phase behavior of asphaltenes comprised of large polyaromatic molecules in blends of naturally occurring crude oils using small angle neutron scattering (SANS). When two compatible oils are blended together, the asphaltenes remain dispersed as colloidal nanoparticles; however, when two incompatible oils are blended together, these asphaltene nanoparticles can aggregate to form microscale structures. We show that SANS directly probes asphaltene aggregation in unmodified (i.e., nondeuterated) crude oil mixtures due to a significant neutron scattering length density difference between the hydrogen-poor asphaltenes and the surrounding oil. Moreover, the small length scales probed by SANS are ideally suited for studying asphaltene aggregation: SANS simultaneously provides the average size and concentration of nanoscale asphaltene particles and also the volume fraction of microscale asphaltene aggregates. These discoveries yield a practical means for directly assessing the compatibility of crude oils and for diagnosing refinery fouling problems resulting from blending incompatible oils."
108	"Mason TG"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2003"	"119 (1)"	"565"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Time-resolved small angle neutron scattering measurements of asphaltene nanoparticle aggregation kinetics in incompatible crude oil mixtures"	"Lin MY"			"Complex fluids"	"Asphaltene"	"We study the structure and phase behavior of asphaltenes comprised of large polyaromatic molecules in blends of naturally occurring crude oils using small angle neutron scattering (SANS). When two compatible oils are blended together, the asphaltenes remain dispersed as colloidal nanoparticles; however, when two incompatible oils are blended together, these asphaltene nanoparticles can aggregate to form microscale structures. We show that SANS directly probes asphaltene aggregation in unmodified (i.e., nondeuterated) crude oil mixtures due to a significant neutron scattering length density difference between the hydrogen-poor asphaltenes and the surrounding oil. Moreover, the small length scales probed by SANS are ideally suited for studying asphaltene aggregation: SANS simultaneously provides the average size and concentration of nanoscale asphaltene particles and also the volume fraction of microscale asphaltene aggregates. These discoveries yield a practical means for directly assessing the compatibility of crude oils and for diagnosing refinery fouling problems resulting from blending incompatible oils."
109	"McKelvey CA"	0	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2002"	"245 (1)"	"68"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Characterization of nanostructured hollow polymer spheres with small-angle neutron scattering (SANS)"	"Kaler EW"			"Complex fluids"	"Structure"	"Volumes <261 not available online"
110	"Michels A"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2003"	"91 (26)"	"267204"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Range of magnetic correlations in nanocrystalline soft magnets"	"Viswanath RN"	"Barker JG"	"Birringer R, Weissmuller J"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"We have obtained the magnetic field dependence of static ferromagnetic correlations in nanocrystalline electrodeposited Co and Ni by means of the correlation function of the spin misalignment, determined from small-angle neutron scattering data. The approach yields a correlation length lC, which is a measure for the spatial extent of inhomogeneities in the magnetization distribution. The correlation length depends strongly on the applied magnetic field with values ranging from 94 nm in nanocrystalline Co at low fields to about 15 nm at saturation. The results for lC indicate that in Co the main source of nonuniformity in the spin system is the anisotropy field of each individual crystallite, whereas in nanocrystalline Ni the main sources of spin disorder originate from twin faults or from the defect cores of grain boundaries."
111	"Michels A"	0	"European Physics Journal, B"	"2002"	"26 (1)"	"57"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"On the influence of anisotropy on the magnetic small-angle neutron scattering of superparamagnetic particles"	"Weissmuller J"			"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"This paper presents a calculation of the magnetic small-angle neutron scattering cross-section resulting from a dilute ensemble of superparamagnetic particles exhibiting uniaxial magnetic anisotropy. We focus on the two experimentally relevant scattering geometries in which the incident neutron beam is perpendicular or parallel to an applied magnetic field, and we discuss several orientations of the anisotropy axes with respect to the field. Magnetic anisotropy has no influence on the magnetic small-angle neutron scattering when the particles are mobile, as is the case e.g. in ferrofluids, but, when the particles are embedded in a rigid non-magnetic matrix and the orientations of the anisotropy axes are fixed, significant deviations compared to the case of negligible anisotropy are expected. For the particluar situation in which the anisotropy axes are parallel to the applied field, closed-form expressions suggest that an effective anisotropy energy or anisotropy-energy distribution can be determined from experimental scattering data."
112	"Michels A"	0	"Phys Status Solids"	"2002"	"189 (2)"	"509"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Measurement of a magnetic-field dependent correlation length in nanocrystalline Ni using small-angle neutron scattering"	"Weissmuller J"	"Erb U"	"Barker, JG"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"We have analyzed magnetic-field dependent small-angle neutron scattering data on nanocrystalline electrodeposited Ni by means of the correlation function of the spin misalignment. The approach yields a correlation length lC of the spin misalignment that is a measure for the characteristic dimension of regions in which the magnetic moments are misaligned coherently into a common direction. We find that lC varies strongly with the applied magnetic field Hi with values extending from about 50 nm (larger than the value for uniformly magnetized grains) at small Hi to about 10 nm (considerably smaller than the grain size) at large applied fields."
113	"Michels A"	0	"Intermag Europe 2002 Digest of Technical Papers. 2002 IEEE International Magnetics Conference"	"2002"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"An estimate for the volume-average mean-square demagnetizing field using micromagnetics and small-angle neutron scattering"	"Weissmuller J"	"Wiedenmann A"	"et al."	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"Journal not available online"
114	"Nakatani AI"	0	"Filled and Nanocomposite Polymer Materials Symposium"	"2001"	"661"		0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Filled and Nanocomposite Polymer Materials. Symposium (Materials Research Society Symposium Proceedings Vol.661)"	"Hjelm RP"	"Gerspacher M"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Composites"	"journal not available online"
115	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2003"	"91 (15)"	"158105"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Concentration-independent spontaneously forming biomimetric vesicles"	"Harroun TA"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Glinka CJ, Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Phospholipids"	"In this Letter we present small-angle neutron scattering data from a biomimetic system composed of the phospholipids dimyristoyl and dihexanoyl phosphorylcholine (DMPC and DHPC, respectively). Doping DMPC-DHPC multilamellar vesicles with either the negatively charged lipid dimyristoyl phosphorylglycerol (DMPG, net charge –1) or the divalent cation, calcium (Ca2+), leads to the spontaneous formation of energetically stabilized monodisperse unilamellar vesicles whose radii are concentration independent and in contrast with previous experimental observations."
116	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Langmuir"	"2001"	"17 (9)"	"2629"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS study of the structural phases of magnetically alignable lanthanide-doped phospholipid mixtures"	"Glinka CJ"	"Krueger S"	"Prosser S, Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Phospholipids"	"The structural phases of magnetically alignable lipid mixtures were investigated as a function of temperature and lipid concentration using small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). Two systems were examined: (a) an aqueous mixture of DMPC (dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine) and DHPC (dihexanoyl phosphatidylcholine) lipids doped with Tm3+ ions resulting in the positive alignment of the system with the applied magnetic field and (b) the above aqueous Tm3+ doped lipid mixture containing a negatively charged lipid, DMPG (dimyristoylphosphatidylglycerol). For both systems, three different scattering patterns were observed corresponding to distinct structural phases at specific temperatures and lipid concentrations. At 45 C and a lipid concentration of >0.05 g/mL, the high-viscosity liquid crystalline phase was found to be a perforated and possibly undulating lamellar phase consistent with NMR results. Upon dilution (<0.05 g/mL) at the same temperature (45 C), the perforated lamellar phase transformed into a unilamellar vesicular phase, in which the bilayers may also be perforated. Below about 25 C, the viscosity decreases considerably and the scattering data suggest that the lamellae present at higher temperatures break up into smaller entities characterized by the bicellar morphology proposed previously for the nondoped system. The structural dimensions of the vesicular and bicellar phases have been determined as a function of lipid concentrations from the SANS data. In the lamellar phase, the influence of Tm3+ ions and DMPG on bilayer structure (e.g., lamellar repeat spacing, bilayer rigidity, and magnetic alignment) were also investigated."
117	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2002"	"82 (5)"	"2487"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS study on the effect of lanthanide ions and charged lipids on the morphology of phospholipid mixtures"	"Glinka CJ"	"Krueger S"	"Prosser S, Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Phospholipids"	"The structural phase behavior of phospholipid mixtures consisting of short-chain (dihexanoyl phosphatidylcholine) and long-chain lipids (dimyristoyl phosphatidylcholine and dimyristoyl phosphatidylglycerol), with and without lanthanide ions was investigated by small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). SANS profiles were obtained from 10°C to 55°C using lipid concentrations ranging from 0.0025 g/ml to 0.25 g/ml. The results reveal a wealth of distinct morphologies, including lamellae, multi-lamellar vesicles, unilamellar vesicles, and bicellar disks."
118	"Nieh M-P"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (16)"	"6384"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutron scattering study of chain conformations in the energetically neutral pores of Vycor glass"	"Kumar SK"	"Ho DL"	"Briber RL"	"Polymers"	"Confined polymers"	"Small-angle neutron scattering is used to study the conformation of polymer chains of various lengths, N ~ 1200-7000, in good solvent confined to the energetically neutral pores of a model Vycor glass with a mean pore diameter of D = 70 Å. This study utilized an external polymer concentration, cfree, well into the overlapped or semidilute regime. Analysis of the experimental data using the standard bulk analysis procedure yields the surprising result that the chain dimensions in the pore are the same as in the unconfined solution. Since simulation results for comparable physical situations, which suggest that chains expand when they are strongly confined, are not in agreement with this interpretation, we conclude that our analysis misses some aspect of the experimental situations. To reconcile this discrepancy between theory and experimental results, we utilize the facts that the chains are strongly confined in one direction by the pore walls and that the pores are themselves random walks rather than straight cylindrical objects. A reanalysis of the experimental data on this basis then shows that chain dimensions in the pores are swollen relative to an unconfined chain, in a manner that is in agreement with the recent simulations of van Giessen and Szleifer. While these results provide the first quantitative tests of these simulation results, we nevertheless conclude that the random nature of the pore geometry in Vycor makes the conclusions drawn very subject to the particular models employed in the analysis of experimental data."
119	"Nieh M-P"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (17)"	"6936"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Highly aligned lamellar lipid domains induced by macroscopic confinement"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Wang H"	"Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Phospholipids"	"We have carried out neutron diffraction experiments on a lipid mixture in a macroscopically confined sample geometry (1 mm gap) and have observed the transformation of bilayered micelles into two distinct orientationally aligned domains of perforated lamellae seemingly littered with defects. Depending on the separation of the confining surfaces, the defects can lie on a two-dimensional centered rectangular lattice where the angle, , between lamellar domains can vary. The particular lamellar phase is shown to be metastable and eventually relaxes, either in time or by perturbation of the sample by centrifugation, into aligned multibilayer stacks of single orientation."
121	"Pate BD"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2002"	"14 (5)"	"1930"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and magnetic alignment of metalloporphyrazine columnar aggregates in their mesophases and crystalline phases"	"Choi S-M"	"Werner-Zwanziger U"	"Baxter DV, Zaleski JM, Chisholm MH"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"The response of a series of metalloporphyrazine liquid crystals to external magnetic fields has been investigated. Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data of the octa(n-decylthio)porphyrazine complexes of the diamagnetic late first-row transition elements (Ni, Zn) reveal a perpendicular orientation of the columnar directors with respect to applied magnetic fields as low as 0.50 T when the samples are cooled from their isotropic phases. The threshold aligning field for the analogous cobalt derivative is half that of the diamagnetic complexes, while the copper porphyrazine exhibits no preferred alignment at fields as high as 1.02 T. We account for these observations on the basis of the competing diamagnetic and paramagnetic moments of the complexes. Correlated solid state and mesophase 13C NMR studies on the nickel and zinc complexes indicate time-averaged disk tilt angles of 27 with respect to the columnar directors in the liquid-crystalline phase."
122	"Perahia D"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"117 (4)"	"1827"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"From single molecules to aggregates to gels in dilute solution: Self-organization of nanoscale rodlike molecules"	"Traiphol R"	"Bunz UHF"		"Polymers"	"Stiff polymers"	"A transition from a fluid to a constrained phase, in dilute solutions of a rodlike molecule, poly(2,5-dinonylparaphenylene ethynylene)s (PPE) in toluene has been studied, exploring the dynamics and the structure of the PPE molecules and the solvent in both phases. The transition is characterized by visual changes in the viscosity of the system and in its color, where a transparent liquid transforms into a yellow glassy phase. Nuclear magnetic resonance relaxation measurements indicated that significant restriction of motion of the solvent and of the polymeric molecule take place as the gel-like phase is formed. Small angle neutron scattering studies have shown that in the liquid phase, PPE forms molecular solutions where the molecules are fully extended. Upon transition into the constrained phase, aggregation of PPE molecules into large flat clusters occurs. When the aggregates are too large to freely move in the solution, a transition into a constrained phase takes place. The interaction between the highly conjugated PPE molecules and the solvent results in constraint of the motion of the solvent as well."
123	"Perahia D"	0	"Advances in Liquid Crystalline Materials and Technologies Symposium"	"2002"	"709"	"249"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Semifluorinated polymeric liquid crystals as a mechanistic tool to study the effects of interfacial energies on the orientation of liquid crystals"	"Traiphol R"	"Smith DW"		"Polymers"	"Stiff polymers"	"Journal not available online"
124	"Perez-Salas UA"	1	"Biochemistry"	"2004"	"43 (6)"	"1746"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Compaction of a bacterial group I ribozyme coincides with the assembly of core helices"	"Rangan P"	"Krueger S"	"Briber RM, Thirumalai D, Woodson SA"	"Biology"	"Ribosome structure"	"Counterions are critical to the self-assembly of RNA tertiary structure because they neutralize the large electrostatic forces which oppose the folding process. Changes in the size and shape of the Azoarcus group I ribozyme as a function of Mg2+ and Na+ concentration were followed by small angle neutron scattering. In low salt buffer, the RNA was expanded, with an average radius of gyration (Rg) of 53 ± 1 Å. A highly cooperative transition to a compact form (Rg = 31.5 ± 0.5 Å) was observed between 1.6 and 1.7 mM MgCl2. The collapse transition, which is unusually sharp in Mg2+, has the characteristics of a first-order phase transition. Partial digestion with ribonuclease T1 under identical conditions showed that this transition correlated with the assembly of double helices in the ribozyme core. Fivefold higher Mg2+ concentrations were required for self-splicing, indicating that compaction occurs before native tertiary interactions are fully stabilized. No further decrease in Rg was observed between 1.7 and 20 mM MgCl2, indicating that the intermediates have the same dimensions as the native ribozyme, within the uncertainty of the data (±1 Å). A more gradual transition to a final Rg of approximately 33.5 Å was observed between 0.45 and 2 M NaCl. This confirms the expectation that monovalent ions not only are less efficient in charge neutralization but also contract the RNA less efficiently than multivalent ions."
126	"Pochan DJ"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (14)"	"5358"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS and Cryo-TEM study of self-assembled diblock copolypeptide hydrogels with rich nano- through microscale morphology"	"Pakstis L"	"Ozbas B"	"Nowak AP, Deming TJ"	"Biology"	"polypeptides"	"No abstract available"
127	"Porcar L"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (26)"	"10779"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Scaling of structural and rheological response of L-3 sponge phases in the \"Sweetened\" cetylpyridinium/hexanol/dextrose/brine system"	"Hamilton WA"	"Butler PD"	"Warr G"	"Complex fluids"	"sponge phase"	"We report a study of the shear response of sponge phases in cetylpyridinium chloride (CPCl)/hexanol/brine/dextrose systems by parallel measurements of rheology and structure by small angle neutron scattering (SANS). Our measurements show that this dextrose added to the extensively studied CPCl/hexanol/brine system is taken up exclusively by the brine solvent, resulting in an equivalent CPCl/hexanol membrane structure and phase behavior for this modified system. Adding dextrose to the brine in these systems to volume fractions up to 0.4 allows us to increase the solvent viscosity by more than an order of magnitude. This lowers the cooperative membrane diffusion coefficient in this system as measured by dynamic light scattering by the same factor, resulting in a corresponding slowing of the Helfrich fluctuation dominated membrane dynamics. Our results show clear and consistent evidence of shear-induced sponge to lamellar phase transformations in these systems. Further, both the rheological and microstructural responses of these systems follow universal master curves when plotted against a rescaled applied shear s/3, where is the membrane volume fraction and s is the viscosity of the brine/dextrose solvent. This well-defined shear response is characterized by three distinct regimes. At low shear rates the sponge phases exhibit Newtonian flow behavior and no structural change is observed. For intermediate shear rates, the systems shear thin and SANS measurements show that the sponge phases are progressively transformed into lamellar phases with the CPCl/hexanol membrane normals aligned parallel to the velocity gradient. This continuous process and the absence of a stress plateau in the rheological measurements both rule out the existence of a biphasic state in this region and thus of a first-order transition between sponge and lamellar phases as is observed in equilibrium phase diagrams. At higher shear rates, the systems are apparently again Newtonian, but the induced lamellar phase appears to collapse and a new (and as yet unidentified) large-scale structure forms. We have found these systems to be extremely sensitive to evaporation, and reproducibility of the scattering measurements required the use of a Couette shear cell with a specially designed vapor barrier."
128	"Porcar L"	0	"Review of Scientific Instruments"	"2002"	"73 (6)"	"2345"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A vapor barrier Couette shear cell for small angle neutron scattering measurements"	"Hamilton WA"	"Butler PD"	"Warr G"	"Instrumentation"	"Couette cell"	"We describe the design and operation of a temperature controlled Couette shear cell for small angle neutron scattering (SANS) studies of Complex fluids under flow. This design incorporates a vapor barrier, which prevents sample evaporation to relatively high shear rates. This cell enables the investigation of systems which are highly sensitive to evaporation. Over the duration of a Couette SANS measurement composition phase transitions due to evaporation can be misinterpreted as true shear-induced transformations. We give a brief report of recent experiments performed on one such system: bicontinuous L3 sponge phases for which the surfactant membrane constituents are Cetylpyridinium chloride and hexanol. These clearly demonstrate the limitations of previous designs and the utility of the vapor barrier in measurements of a predicted shear induced sponge to lamellar phase transition. Using this cell we also describe and test a simple and effective way to put SANS data taken in the tangential Couette configuration on an absolute scale."
129	"Prahbu VM"	1	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering"	"2003"	"5309"	"404"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Polyelectrolyte effects in model photoresist developer solutions: roles of base concentration and added salts"	"Jones RL"	"Lin EK"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Journal not available online"
130	"Prahbu VM"	1	"Journal of Vacuum Science and Technology B"	"2003"	"21 (4)"	"1403"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Polyelectrolyte effects in model photoresist developer solutions"	"Jones RL"	"Lin EK"	"Wu WL"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"We demonstrate that the deprotected photoresist poly(4-hydroxy styrene) is a polyelectrolyte when dissolved in aqueous base solutions. This polyelectrolyte effect manifests itself by the well-known monomer–monomer correlations as measured by small-angle neutron scattering. The correlation peak at the finite wave vector is a function of the solution ionic strength and polymer concentration. The weakening of the polyelectrolyte effects with added salts and excess base is also demonstrated. These studies emphasize the role of salt additives and aqueous base concentration and their influence on equilibrium solution properties such as the second virial coefficient and single chain radius of gyration. The fundamental role of these equilibrium properties with respect to the dissolution process is discussed."
131	"Prahbu VM"	0	"Polymer"	"2001"	"42 (21)"	"8935"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dimensions of polyelectrolyte chains and concentration fluctuations in semidilute solutions of sodium-poly (styrene sulfonate) as measured by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Muthukumar M"	"Wignall GD"	"Melnichenko YB"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Volume <44 not available online"
132	"Prahbu VM"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2003"	"119 (7)"	"4085"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polyelectrolyte chain dimensions and concentration fluctuations near phase boundaries"	"Muthukumar M"	"Wignall GD"	"Melnichenko YB"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"We have measured the temperature (T) dependence of the correlation length () for concentration fluctuations in aqueous solutions of sodium–poly(styrene sulfonate) with a fixed level of added barium chloride salt. Apparent critical behavior is observed upon lowering the temperature to precipitation phase boundaries that complements our earlier work on salt-dependent behavior. We interpret experimental deviations from –2 versus T–1 as crossover from the mean field to the Ising universality class. We also measured the radius of gyration (Rg) of labeled chains and for semidilute polyelectrolyte solutions at low ionic strengths. We recovered the familiar result of scaling with polymer concentration (Cp) and degree of polymerization (N), such that = (73±9) N0C [Å], and using SANS high concentration labeling Rg = (400±28)C [Å] (for N = 577) and Rg = (2.8±2.1)N0.6±0.1 [Å] (for Cp = 206 gL–1), respectively. The indices recovered are in agreement with theoretical predictions for low ionic strength semidilute solutions. Such experiments offer insight into relatively unexplored phase behavior in charged macromolecular solutions."
133	"Pugh DV"	0	"Journal of Materials Research"	"2003"	"18 (1)"	"216"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Formation of nanoporous platinum by selective dissolution of Cu from Cu0.75Pt0.25"	"Dursun A"	"Corcoran SG"		"Materials science"	"Nanoporous materials"	"This paper gives results demonstrating the production of nanoporous platinum through the de-alloying of Pt0.25Cu0.75 alloy in 1 M H2SO4. Both field emission scanning electron microscopy and small angle neutron scattering confirm the presence of porosity with a diameter of approximately 3.4 nm. This is the smallest porosity quantitatively reported from a de-alloying process to date. The small size is attributed to the extremely small values of surface diffusivity expected for Pt at room temperature, effectively eliminating room-temperature coarsening processes. The results also show that larger length scales can be achieved through coarsening at elevated temperatures. The ease of production of porous platinum makes it attractive for possible applications, such as high surface area electrodes for biomedical devices or as catalyst materials."
134	"Raghavan SR"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (4)"	"1056"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Cloud-point phenomena in wormlike micellar systems containing cationic surfactant and salt"	"Edlund H"	"Kaler EW"		"Complex fluids"	"Wormlike micelles"	"Cationic surfactants with an erucyl (C22, monounsaturated) tail display unusual phase behavior in aqueous solution as a function of temperature and added salt concentration. Low amounts of salts with binding counterions such as sodium tosylate (NaTos) lead to highly viscoelastic wormlike micellar solutions. With further addition of salt, the viscosity decreases, and the solutions cloud on heating (i.e., exhibit lower consolute phase behavior). The cloud-point temperature and the zero-shear viscosity 0 pass in parallel through minima as a function of NaTos concentration. Cloud-point behavior is seen over a wider range of salt concentrations in the case of sodium salicylate (NaSal), which has an even stronger binding counterion. In the case of a weakly binding salt (NaCl), phase transitions are observed only at much higher salt contents, and the phase behavior is predominantly of the upper consolute type. Light and neutron scattering data show evidence of critical concentration fluctuations near the cloud point. The phase behavior and patterns of variation of rheological properties can be attributed to micellar branching, in agreement with recent theories and cryo-TEM studies."
135	"Raghavan SR"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (10)"	"3797"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Wormlike micelles formed by synergistic self-assembly in mixtures of anionic and cationic Surfactants"	"Fritz G"	"Kaler EW"		"Complex fluids"	"Wormlike micelles"	"Self-assembly in mixtures of cationic and anionic surfactants occurs synergistically because of attractive interactions between the oppositely charged headgroups. Here, such effects are exploited to obtain highly viscoelastic fluids at low total surfactant concentration. The systems considered are mixtures of the C18-tailed anionic surfactant, sodium oleate (NaOA), and cationic surfactants from the trimethylammonium bromide family (CnTAB). In particular, mixtures of NaOA and C8TAB show remarkably high viscosities: for 3% surfactant, the zero-shear viscosity 0 peaks at ca. 1800 Pa·s for a weight ratio of 70/30 NaOA/C8TAB. The high viscosities reflect the growth of giant, entangled wormlike micelles in the solutions. Mixtures of NaOA with a shorter-chain analogue (C6TAB) have much lower viscosities, indicating a weak micellar growth and hence a weak attraction between the surfactants. On the other hand, increasing the CnTAB tail length to n = 10 or 12 leads to much stronger interactions between these surfactants and NaOA. Consequently, both micellar and bilayer structures are formed in these mixtures, and the samples separate into two or more phases over a wide composition range. Thus, the synergistic growth of wormlike micelles in cationic/anionic mixtures is maximized when there is an optimal asymmetry in the surfactant tail lengths."
136	"Ramachandrarao VS"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2003"	"41 (23)"	"3114"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of carbon dioxide sorption on the phase behavior of weakly interacting polymer mixtures: Solvent-induced segregation in deuterated polybutadiene/polyisoprene blends"	"Vogt BD"	"Gupta RR"	"Watkins JJ"	"Polymers"	"Pressure effects"	"The effect of carbon dioxide (CO2) sorption on the lower critical solution temperatures of deuterated polybutadiene/polyisoprene blends was determined with in situ small-angle neutron scattering. CO2 was a poor solvent for both polymers and exhibited very weak selectivity between the blend components. The sorption of modest concentrations of CO2, at pressures up to 160 bar, induced phase segregation at temperatures well below the binary-phase-separation temperature and caused an increased asymmetry in the lower critical solution temperature curve. The origin of solvent-induced phase segregation in this weakly interacting polymer blend system was attributed predominantly to an exacerbation of the existing disparity in the compressibility of the components upon CO2 sorption."
137	"Rathgeber S"	0	"Applied Physics A"	"2002"	"74 (S1)"	"s396"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structural properties of star-like dendrimers in solution"	"Gast AP"	"Hedrick JL"		"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"We measured the form factor of star-like poly-)-caprolactone dendrimers under good solvent conditions with small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The parameters varied in the experiment were the dendrimer generation g=1,2,3 and the number of segments between the branching units n=5,10,15,20. The results are discussed in the frame work of the Beaucage model from which we cannot only derive the radius of gyration Rg of the dendrimers but also their fractal dimensions. Decreasing the number of spacer units between the branching points results in a strong stretching of the dendrons. The fractal dimension increases monotonically with increasing generation and spacer number between the limit expected for a low-functionality star P,5/3 (loose, polymeric structure) and that expected for a high-functionality star P,3 (compact shape)."
138	"Reidy RF"	1	"Journal of Non-Crystalline Solids"	"2001"	"285 (1-3)"	"181"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering characterization of colloidal and fractal aerogels"	"Allen AJ"	"Krueger S"		"Materials science"	"Aerogels"	"Volumes <293 not available online"
139	"Ruzette AVG"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"114 (18)"	"8205"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A simple model for baroplastic behavior in block copolymer melts"	"Banerjee P"	"Mayes AM"	"Russell TP"	"Polymers"	"Pressure effects"	"We measured the form factor of star-like poly-)-caprolactone dendrimers under good solvent conditions with small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The parameters varied in the experiment were the dendrimer generation g=1,2,3 and the number of segments between the branching units n=5,10,15,20. The results are discussed in the frame work of the Beaucage model from which we cannot only derive the radius of gyration Rg of the dendrimers but also their fractal dimensions. Decreasing the number of spacer units between the branching points results in a strong stretching of the dendrons. The fractal dimension increases monotonically with increasing generation and spacer number between the limit expected for a low-functionality star P,5/3 (loose, polymeric structure) and that expected for a high-functionality star P,3 (compact shape)."
140	"Ruzette AVG"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (6)"	"1894"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Simple free energy model for weakly interacting polymer blends"	"Mayes AM"			"Polymers"	"Pressure effects model"	"Given the intrinsic relation between phase behavior and performance in applications involving polymer mixtures, the thermodynamics of these systems has been the common focus of a wide body of experimental and theoretical studies. An elusive goal in this research field has been the ability to predict or simulate the degree of thermodynamic compatibility of two distinct homopolymers based on pure component properties alone. In an attempt to address this need, we present a simple model for the free energy of mixing of compressible polymer blends, based on a modification of the regular solution model. Its ability to qualitatively capture the phase behavior of weakly interacting polymer pairs using only the pure component properties of mass density, solubility parameter, and thermal expansion coefficient is demonstrated. To this end, a wide range of blend chemistries is considered, spanning purely dispersive polyolefin systems to those comprising more polar components, such as poly(methyl methacrylate), poly(-caprolactone), and polycarbonate. The thermodynamic and molecular origin of the observed phase behavior for each of the systems studied is also discussed."
141	"Ruzette AVG"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (9)"	"3351"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Pressure effects on the phase behavior of styrene/n-alkyl methacrylate block copolymers"	"Mayes AM"	"Pollard M"	"Russell TP, Hammouda B"	"Polymers"	"Pressure effects"	"Earlier experimental investigations performed on a family of block copolymers formed from styrene and a homologous series of n-alkyl methacrylates revealed a strong dependence of thermodynamic compatibility between the two blocks on the length of the alkyl side chain of the methacrylate. Here we report the effect of hydrostatic pressure on the phase behavior of the same series of block copolymers, as determined by in situ small-angle neutron scattering. We find that hydrostatic pressure is a very effective means of driving styrene/n-alkyl methacrylate block copolymers with intermediate side chains from the highly viscous ordered state to the fluid disordered state of the copolymer. Hence, for n ranging from 2 to 6 (ethyl to hexyl methacrylate), pressure induces mixing with an absolute value of the pressure coefficient of the order/disorder transition, dTODT/dP, of up to 1.5 C/MPa (150 C/kbar). Similar results are obtained when the methacrylate block consists of a random sequence of short and long alkyl side chains with carefully chosen and predictable composition. In contrast, pressure suppresses mixing when the methacrylate block is composed of either very short (n = 1) or very long (n > 8) side chains. In terms of rheological properties, these results indicate that pressure applied at a constant temperature can be used to induce flow in some copolymers of this series. The ability to design such \"baroplastic\" behavior into commercially relevant thermoplastic elastomers would be highly advantageous from a processing standpoint."
142	"Ryan LD"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2001"	"176 (1)"	"69"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Alkyl polyglucoside microemulsion phase behavior"	"Kaler EW"			"Complex fluids"	"Phase behavior"	"Volumes <187 not available online"
143	"Sackett DL"	1	"Biomacromolecules"	"2003"	"4 (2)"	"461"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Use of small-angle neutron scattering to study tubulin polymers"	"Chernomordik V"	"Krueger S"	"Nossal R"	"Biology"	"Tubulin"	"Small-angle neutron scattering has been used to examine taxol-stabilized microtubules and other tubulin samples in both H2O and D2O buffers. Measurements were made at pH/pD values between 6.0 and 7.8, and observed scattered intensities, I(Q), have been interpreted in terms of multicomponent models of microtubules and related tubulin polymers. A semiquantitative curve fitting procedure has been used to estimate the relative amounts of the supramolecular components of the samples. At both pH and pD 7.0 and above, the tubulin polymers are seen to be predominantly microtubules. Although in H2O buffer the polymer distribution is little changed as the pH varies, when pD is lowered the samples appear to contain an appreciable amount of sheetlike structures and the average microtubule protofilament number increases from ca. 12.5 at pD 7.0 to ca. 14 at pD 6.0. Such structural change indicates that analysis of microtubule solutions based on H2O/D2O contrast variation must be performed with caution, especially at lower pH/pD."
144	"Schmidt G"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (12)"	"4725"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering from viscoelastic polymer-clay solutions"	"Nakatan AI"	"Butler PD"	"Han CC"	"Materials science"	"Clay suspensions"	"The influence of shear on viscoelastic polymer-clay solutions was investigated by means of small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) under shear. SANS was used to measure the shear-induced orientation of polymer and platelets. With increasing shear rate an anisotropic scattering pattern developed. At higher shear rates, the scattering anisotropy increased due to the enhanced orientation of the clay platelets in the shear field. The clay platelets aligned by the flow in an unusual direction, with the surface normal parallel to the vorticity direction. SANS on regular samples (contrast between D2O and solution components) measured the shear-induced orientation of polymer and platelets. However, with contrast matching the orientation of the polymer alone could be detected. With increasing shear rate, clay particles oriented first (SANS on regular samples) and then polymer chains started to stretch (SANS on contrast matched samples). Cessation of shear led to fast recovery, demonstrating the system to be highly elastic."
145	"Schubert BA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (10)"	"4079"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The microstructure and rheology of mixed cationic/anionic wormlike micelles"	"Kaler EW"	"Wagner NJ"		"Complex fluids"	"Wormlike micelles"	"The rheology, flow birefringence, and small-angle neutron scattering of mixed cationic/anionic wormlike micellar solutions composed of cetyl trimethylammonium tosylate (CTAT) and sodium dodecyl benzyl sulfonate (SDBS) are studied over a broad range of solution compositions. This combination of experimental techniques enables independent determination of the microstructural length scales (persistence, entanglement, interaction, and contour) that govern the rheological properties. Comparison and contrast of the effect of a hydrotropic salt (NaTosylate) with that of a screening electrolyte (NaCl) demonstrates the influence of micellar charge on the persistence length and, hence, the microstructure and rheology. Surfactant concentration and composition and electrolyte concentration and composition systematically affect the self-assembled microstructure such that a transition in rheological behavior from nonionic wormlike micelles to polyelectrolytes can be spanned."
146	"Schwahn D"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (9)"	"3762"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Cocrystallization of a poly(ethylene-butene) random copolymer with C-24 in n-decane"	"Richter D"	"Lin M"	"Fetters LJ"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer solutions"	"Amorphous-crystalline random copolymers containing ethylene and butene (PEB) segments are known to self-assemble in solution to yield one-dimensional micellar structures, i.e., rodlike aggregates. This behavior stands in contrast with the amorphous-crystalline diblock polymers, where self-assembly leads to a core consisting of a rough textured plate of polyethylene cloaked by the amorphous component; either alternating poly(ethylene-propylene) or random poly(ethylene-butene). These materials serve as nucleation platforms for wax crystal size control in commercial formulations for middle distillate fuels. Here, we present small-angle neutron-scattering results to evaluate the influence of C24 wax in the presence of the PEB random copolymer upon the self-assembly event. In stark contrast to the rodlike micelles the random copolymers cocrystallize with the wax in thin sheets consisting of a single paraffin layer surrounded by amorphous polymer hairs on both plate sides. Such structures have not been seen before. The polymer brush is well-defined, indicating a homogeneous distribution of the polymer in the wax-stabilized plate. It can be conjectured that this behavior may prove to be a viable mechanism regarding the development of flow improvers for waxy crude stocks."
147	"Schwahn D"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (3)"	"861"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-assembling behavior in decane solution of potential wax crystal nucleators based on poly(co-olefins)"	"Richter D"	"Wright PJ"	"Symon C, Fetter, LJ, Lin M"	"Polymers"	"Polyolefins"	"The control of the precipitation and gelation of long chain paraffins from oil remains an enduring technological challenge regarding the processing and recovery of refined fuels and waxy crudes. Wax crystal modifiers based on polyethylene-poly(ethylene-propylene) (PE-PEP) diblock copolymers function as efficient nucleators for wax crystals in middle distillate fuels. These diblock polymers self-assemble in oil to form expansive platelike aggregates consisting of a PE core cloaked behind the amorphous PEP brush layer. The PE core thus promotes nucleation of solubilized long chain alkanes. Additional candidate structures for wax crystal nucleators include linear and star copolyolefins where the composition variation signals the alteration between crystalline and amorphous segments. This study focuses upon the self-assembling behavior in solution of these materials. The characteristics of the single chains and the aggregates formed at lower temperatures were determined via small-angle neutron scattering. Both plates and needlelike structures were found. The placement of the amorphous and crystalline blocks in the arms of the star shaped polymers was found to influence the architecture of the self-assembled micelles. As a point of comparison a commercial copolymer of ethylene-vinyl acetate (EVA) was also investigated. The EVA material was found to be relatively \"undisciplined\" in comparison to the structurally more uniform anionically prepared counterparts."
148	"Schwickert BE"	1	"Physical Review B"	"2001"	"64 (4)"	"045410"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Early stages of glacial clustering in supercooled triphenyl phosphate"	"Kline SR"	"Zimmermann H"	"Lantsky KM, Yarger JL"	"Complex fluids"	"Clustering"	"Glacial phase clustering and growth in triphenyl phosphite is observed in the temperature interval of 210 K to 214 K by small angle neutron scattering performed at the NIST Center for Neutron Research. Presented are the radius, volume fraction, and polydispersity of clusters of glacial phase surrounded by a supercooled liquid. The data can be interpreted in a four-step model of (I) cluster formation, (II) rapid nucleation, (III) agglomeration, and finally (IV) saturation. Two schemes of cluster growth can be identified. The first one is a region of radius stagnation (II), which is followed by a region of volume stagnation (III). Competition between the increase in cluster size and the increase in the number of clusters is deduced from this behavior."
149	"Silas JA"	0	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2003"	"257 (2)"	"291"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of multiple scattering on SANS spectra from bicontinuous microemulsions"	"Kaler EW"			"Complex fluids"	"Bicontinuous structures"	"Volumes <261 not available online"
150	"Silas JA"	0	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2001"	"243 (1)"	"248"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The phase behavior and microstructure of efficient cationic-nonionic microemulsions"	"Kaler EW"			"Complex fluids"	"Bicontinuous structures"	"Volumes <261 not available online"
151	"Simmons B"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (22)"	"8345"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering study of mixed AOT plus lecithin reverse micelles"	"Agarwal V"	"McPherson G"	"John V, Bose A"	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"The structures formed in a four-component water-in-oil microemulsion consisting of deuterated water added to sodium bis(2-ethylhexyl) sulfosuccinate (AOT) and phosphatidycholine (lecithin) in 2,2,4-trimethylpentane (isooctane) have been probed by small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The total surfactant concentration in each of the five samples studied is fixed at 0.01 M in isooctane. The water content is fixed at Wt = 20 (Wt = moles water/moles total surfactant). The molar ratios of lecithin to AOT are 0, 1:7, 1:3, 3:5, and 1:1 in the five samples, respectively. The experimental SANS data from all five samples are fit well by a model containing polydispersed spheres. The mean size of the spheres increases, whereas the polydispersity decreases as the lecithin content is increased. The different packing parameters for AOT and lecithin drive the observed changes in droplet size, whereas the reduction in polydispersity is a consequence of the increased rigidity of the interface as lecithin is added. An alternate morphology, consisting of prolate ellipsoids, also produces good fits to the SANS data. For this model, the ellipsoid volume increases, whereas the ratio of the major to minor axis goes toward unity as the lecithin content is increased. Radii of gyration obtained from fits in the Guinier/Zimm region match calculations from the droplet dimensions produced by fitting the complete scattering profiles. For lecithin/AOT molar ratios of 3/5 and 1, SANS measurements reveal that an attractive interaction develops between these droplets. The interdroplet interaction is described using a square well potential model. Fits to the SANS data give well depths of 0.022 and 0.126 kT, whereas the widths are 538 and 450 Å, respectively. The weak interaction over such long length scales is consistent with the formation of loosely bound clusters of microemulsion droplets at these lecithin concentrations."
152	"Simmons B"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (15)"	"6329"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase transition dynamics and microstructure evolution in a crystalline surfactant mesophase using time-dependent small-angle neutron scattering"	"Agarwal V"	"Singh M"	"John V, Bose A"	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"No abstract"
153	"Simmons BA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (3)"	"624"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering study of microstructural transitions in a surfactant-based gel mesophase"	"Irvin GC"	"Agarwal V"	"Bose A, John V, McPherson G, Balsara N"	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"A surfactant-based rigid gel mesophase containing bis(2-ethylhexyl) sodium sulfosuccinate (AOT), phosphatidylcholine (lecithin), 2,2,4-trimethylpentane (isooctane), and D2O has been characterized using small angle neutron scattering (SANS). The addition of water to a solution of AOT and lecithin in isooctane leads to a dramatic increase in viscosity and the formation of a rigid gel as the water content is increased above a specific threshold. SANS profiles indicate that these gels have a crystalline microstructure with characteristic dimensions that are clearly correlated to the system's water content and temperature. The scattering patterns are consistent with models that describe the microstructure as columnar hexagonal at lower water contents and temperatures and lamellar at higher water contents and temperatures. SANS is also able to examine characteristics of the intermediate region where the two phases coexist and to calculate the characteristic dimensions of these microstructures. The rigidity of the gel indicates that the system may be useful in templated materials synthesis."
155	"Snook I"	0	"Energy & Fuels"	"2002"	"16 (5)"	"1009"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of metallurgical chars by small angle neutron scattering"	"Yarovsky L"	"Hanley HJM"	"Lin M, Mainwaring H, Rogers H, Zulli"	"Materials science"	"Composites"	"Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) and nitrogen BET experiments were carried out on coal chars produced in experimental rigs simulating blast furnace pulverized coal injection conditions. From these combined data the main structural features of the chars such as surface area, ratio of open to closed pores and estimates of pore size were obtained. This approach to investigating the pore structure should provide much more detailed and useful data for characterizing industrial carbonaceous samples than traditional methods based only on degree of burnout and/or BET surface area."
156	"Spiecker PM"	0	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2003"	"267 (1)"	"178"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Aggregation and solubility behavior of asphaltenes and their subfractions"	"Gawrys KL"	"Kilpatrick PK"		"Complex fluids"	"Asphaltene"	"Asphaltenes from four different crude oils (Arab Heavy, B6, Canadon Seco, and Hondo) were fractionated in mixtures of heptane and toluene and analyzed chemically, by vapor pressure osmometry (VPO), and by small angle neutron scattering (SANS). Solubility profiles of the asphaltenes and their subfractions indicated strong cooperative asphaltene interactions of a particular subfraction that is polar and hydrogen bonding. This subfraction had lower H/C ratios and modestly higher N, V, Ni, and Fe contents than the less polar and more soluble subfraction of asphaltenes. VPO and SANS studies indicated that the less soluble subfractions formed aggregates that were considerably larger than the more soluble subfractions. In general, asphaltene aggregate size increased with decreasing solvent aromaticity up to the solubility limit, beyond which the aggregate size decreased with heptane addition. The presence of a low wavevector Q feature in the scattering curves at 25 °C indicated that the individual aggregates were flocculating; however, the intensity of the feature was diminished upon heating of the samples to 80 °C. The solubility mechanism for Canadon Seco asphaltenes, the largest aggregate formers, appears to be dominated by aromatic -bonding interactions due to their low H/C ratio and low nitrogen content. B6 and Hondo asphaltenes formed similar-sized aggregates in heptol and the solubility mechanism is most likely driven by polar interactions due to their relatively high H/C ratios and high nitrogen contents. Arab Heavy, the least polar asphaltene, had a H/C ratio similar to Canadon Seco but formed the smallest aggregates in heptol. The enhancement in polar and -bonding interactions for the less soluble subfraction indicated by elemental analysis is reflected by the aggregate size from SANS. The less soluble asphaltenes contribute the majority of species responsible for aggregation and likely cause many petroleum production problems such as pipeline deposition and water-in-oil emulsion stabilization."
157	"Spiecker PM"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2003"	"220 (1-3)"	"9"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effects of petroleum resins on asphaltene aggregation and water-in-oil emulsion formation"	"Gawrys KL"	"Trail CB"	"Kilpatrick PK"	"Complex fluids"	"Asphaltene"	"Asphaltenes from four crude oils were fractionated by precipitation in mixtures of heptane and toluene. Solubility profiles generated in the presence of resins (1:1 mass ratio) indicated the onset of asphaltene precipitation occurred at lower toluene volume fractions (0.1–0.2) than without resins. Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) was performed on solutions of asphaltene fractions in mixtures of heptane and toluene with added resins to determine aggregate sizes. Water-in-oil emulsions of asphaltene–resin solutions were prepared and separated by a centrifuge method to determine the vol.% water resolved. In general, the addition of resins to asphaltenes reduced the aggregate size by disrupting the – and polar bonding interactions between asphaltene monomers. Interaction of resins with asphaltenic aggregates rendered the aggregates less interfacially active and thus reduced emulsion stability. The smallest aggregate sizes observed and the weakest emulsion stability at high resin to asphaltene (R/A) ratios presumably corresponded to asphaltenic monomers or small oligomers strongly interacting with resin molecules. It was often observed that, in the absence of resins, the more polar or higher molecular weight asphaltenes were insoluble in solutions of heptane and toluene. The addition of resins dissolved these insolubles and aggregate size by SANS increased until the solubility limit was reached. This corresponded approximately to the point of maximum emulsion stability. Asphaltene chemistry plays a vital role in dictating emulsion stability. The most polar species typically required significantly higher resin concentrations to disrupt asphaltene interactions and completely destabilize emulsions. Aggregation and film formation are likely driven by polar heteroatom interactions, such as hydrogen bonding, which allow asphaltenes to absorb, consolidate, and form cohesive films at the oil–water interface."
158	"Stancik CM"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (3)"	"596"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Micelles of imidazolium-functionalized polystyrene diblock copolymers investigated with neutron and light scattering"	"Lavoie AR"	"Schutz J"	"Achurra PA, Lindner P, Gast A, Waymouth RM"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"We synthesize a series of block copolymers comprising a polystyrene (PS) block and an imidazolium-functionalized PS (IL) block and characterize their assembly properties. We use small-angle neutron scattering and dynamic light scattering to determine the micelle size and shape in dilute solutions and to assess the micelle interactions in concentrated solutions. By studying a series of copolymers with fixed PS block length, we find that the length of the IL block governs the micelle dimensions. Our data suggest that these copolymers form elongated micelle structures where the IL block is extended in the micelle core. We find that these micelles can sequester water and that interactions between the micelles lead to structure factor peaks at elevated concentrations."
159	"Stancik CM"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (15)"	"5765"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Impact of core architecture on solution properties of dendrimer-like star copolymers"	"Pople JA"	"Trollsas M"	"Lindner P, Hedrick JL, Gast AP"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"We present a small-angle neutron scattering study of a series of isomeric dendrimer-like star copolymers investigated in solution. Each copolymer consists of a highly branched core with linear partially deuterated polymer chains emanating from the outermost generation to create a starlike copolymer. By studying the copolymers in solvents contrast matched to the outer starlike chains, we focus our study on the effects of the core branching architecture. In our dilute solution data analysis we use models to obtain analytical expressions for the form factor of the copolymer cores. We find the core radius of gyration and fractal dimension depend on the core branching architecture. From our semidilute data we obtain experimental structure factors and see evidence of liquidlike structuring in some copolymers. Thus, the architectural features of these isomeric copolymers have an impact on both the conformation of and interactions between these molecules in solution."
160	"Streletzky"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"116 (10)"	"4058"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Controlling nucleation and growth of nanodroplets in supersonic nozzles"	"Zvinevich Y"	"Wyslouzil BE"	"Strey R"	"Complex fluids"	"Nozzle spray"	"We present the first results for a new supersonic nozzle that decouples nucleation and droplet growth, and closely controls the supersaturation and temperature during nucleation. We characterize the expansions using pressure trace measurements, and the aerosol properties using light scattering and small angle neutron scattering. We show that when nucleation and droplet growth are separated, the aerosol number density decreases, the average particle size increases, and the aerosol can be more monodisperse than that formed in a conventional nozzle. Under these conditions, we can estimate the nucleation rate J as a function of supersaturation S and temperature T directly from the experimental data. For D2O we find that the nucleation rate is 4.3×1015J/cm–3 s–6.0×1015 at 230.1T/K230.4 and 29.2S32.4."
161	"Kondoh E"	1	"Japanese Journal of Applied Physics Part 2"	"2001"	"40 (4A)"	"L323"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Comparative study of pore size of low-dielectric-constant porous spin-on-glass films using different methods of nondestructive instrumentation"	"Baklanov MR"	"Lin E"	"Gidley D, Nakashima A"	"Polymers"	"Porous media"	"The pore sizes of hydrogen-methyl-siloxane-based porous spin-on-glass (SOG) thin films having different k values (k=1.8-2.5) are comparatively studied using different nondestructive instrumental ways and also with reference to sorption porosimetry. The pore size and its spread are found to increase with increasing porosity, or with decreasing dielectric constant."
162	"Krishnan K"	0	"Journal of Rheology"	"2002"	"46 (2)"	"529"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of shear flow on a polymeric bicontinuous microemulsion: Equilibrium and steady state behavior"	"Chapman B"	"Bates FS"	"Lodge TP, Almdal K, Burghardt WR"	"Polymers"	"Shear effects"	"We have investigated the effects of shear flow on a polymeric bicontinuous microemulsion using neutron scattering, light scattering, optical microscopy, and rheology. The microemulsion consists of a ternary blend of poly(ethyl ethylene) (PEE), poly(dimethyl siloxane) (PDMS), and a PEE–PDMS diblock copolymer. At equilibrium, the microemulsion contains two percolating microphases, one PEE rich and the other PDMS rich, separated by a copolymer-laden interface; the characteristic length scale of this structure is 80 nm. Low strain amplitude oscillatory shear measurements reveal behavior similar to that of block copolymer lamellar phases just above the order–disorder transition. Steady shear experiments expose four distinct regimes of response as a function of the shear rate. At low shear rates (regime I) Newtonian behavior is observed, whereas at intermediate shear rates (regime II) development of anisotropy in the morphology leads to shear thinning. When the shear rate is further increased, there is an abrupt breakdown of the bicontinuous structure, resulting in flow-induced phase separation (regime III). Rheological measurements indicate that the shear stress is almost independent of the shear rate in this regime. Light scattering reveals a streak-like pattern, and correspondingly a string-like morphology with micron dimensions is observed with video microscopy. Upon a further increase of the shear rate (regime IV), the sample resembles an immiscible binary polymer blend with the block copolymer playing no significant role; the stress increases strongly with the shear rate. In some respects these results resemble those from other weakly structured complex fluids (sponge phases, liquid crystals, worm-like micelles, block copolymers, polymer blends, and polymer solutions), yet in important ways this system is unique."
163	"Lee HJ"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2002"	"14 (4)"	"1845"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural comparison of hydrogen silsesquioxane based porous low-k thin films prepared with varying process conditions"	"Lin EK"	"Wang H"	"Wu WL, Chen W, Moyer ES"	"Polymers"	"Porous media"	"The structures of hydrogen silsesquioxane based porous low dielectric constant (low-k) films (XLK) prepared with varying process conditions are characterized using a combination of high-energy ion scattering, X-ray reflectivity, and small-angle neutron scattering. We measure the film thickness, average mass density, density depth profile, wall density, porosity, average pore size, pore spacing, pore connectivity, and atomic composition. We compare samples with varying dielectric constants and degrees of cure or Si-H bonding fraction. The structural parameters are correlated with the chemical bond structure as measured by Fourier transform infrared spectroscopy. The density profiles of the porous films were uniform, with a slight densification observed at the film surface. Films with similar k values but varying degrees of cure have almost identical structural characteristics. Lower dielectric constant films have larger porosities and average pore sizes but lower wall densities. The process conditions used to alter the dielectric constant affect not only the porosity but also many other structural parameters such as the wall density."
164	"Lin EK"	0	"Proceedings of the SPIE - The International Society for Optical Engineering"	"2001"	"4344"	"414"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Feature-shape and line-edge roughness measurement of deep sub-micron lithographic structures using small-angle neutron scattering"	"Wu WL"	"Lin Q"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Lithography"	"Journal not available online"
165	"Lin EK"	1	"Applied Physics Letters"	"2002"	"81 (4)"	"607"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural characterization of a porous low-dielectric-constant thin film with a non-uniform depth profile"	"Lee HJ"	"Lynn GW"	"Wu WL, O’Neill ML"	"Polymers"	"Porous media"	"High-resolution x-ray reflectivity (XR) and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) are applied to characterize both the nonuniform depth profile and pore structure of a low-dielectric-constant (low-k) thin film as prepared on a silicon substrate. The XR data show that the density depth profile has a multilayered structure with a dense, nonporous top layer and a less dense, porous bulk layer. A scattering invariant analysis of the SANS data is used to determine the average chord length of the pores, (14.8±2.0) nm, independent of the depth profile. Given the elemental composition of the film, the XR and SANS data are combined to calculate the mass density of the top layer, (1.13±0.05) g/cm3, the porosity of the less dense layer, (0.28±0.10), and the wall density, (0.92±0.15) g/cm3."
167	"Miller MK"	0	"Materials Science and Engineering A"	"2003"	"353 (1-2)"	"133"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Precipitation in neutron-irradiated Fe-Cu and Fe-Cu-Mn model alloys: a comparison of APT and SANS data"	"Wirth BD"	"Odette GR"		"Materials science"	"Metal alloys"	"The size, number density and compositions of ultrafine copper–manganese precipitates that form in Fe–0.80at.% Cu and Fe–0.78at.% Cu–1.05at.% Mn model alloys that were neutron irradiated to a fluence of ~1×1023 nm-2 (E>1 MeV) at 288 °C have been estimated by atom probe tomography and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments. The number density of precipitates was approximately an order of magnitude higher in the Fe–Cu–Mn alloy than in the Fe–Cu alloy. A direct comparison of the microstructural parameters estimated by each technique revealed good agreement between the radii of gyration and the number densities. However, the copper content in precipitates inferred from SANS was significantly higher than estimated from the atom probe results"
168	"Sung L-P"	0	"Nanomaterials for Structural Applications"	"2003"	"740"	"147"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of metal-oxide nanoparticles: synthesis and dispersion in polymeric coatings"	"Scierka S"	"Baghai-Anaraki M"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Coating material"	"Journal not available online"
169	"Tande BM"	0	"CR Cim"	"2003"	"6 (8-10)"	"853"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of hybrid dendron-linear copolymers and blends with linear homopolymer"	"Wagner NJ"	"Mackay ME"		"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Journal not available online"
170	"Tande BM"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (24)"	"8580"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Viscosimetric, hydrodynamic, and conformational properties of dendrimers and dendrons"	"Wagner NJ"	"Mackay ME"	"Hawker CJ, Jeong M"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"No abstract"
172	"Toney MF"	1	"Applied Physics Letters"	"2003"	"82 (18)"	"3050"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering measurements of magnetic cluster sizes in magnetic recording disks"	"Rubin KA"	"Choi SM"	"Glinka CJ"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"We describe small-angle neutron scattering measurements of the magnetic cluster size distributions for several longitudinal magnetic recording media. We find that the average magnetic cluster size is slightly larger than the average physical grain size, that there is a broad distribution of cluster sizes, and that the cluster size is inversely correlated to the media signal-to-noise ratio. These results show that intergranular magnetic coupling in these media is small and they provide empirical data for the cluster-size distribution that can be incorporated into models of magnetic recording."
173	"Truong MT"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (6)"	"2024"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Quantifying the importance of micellar microstructure and electrostatic interactions on the shear-induced structural transition of cylindrical micelles"	"Walker LM"			"Complex fluids"	"Sheared micelles"	"Using static light scattering (SLS) and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) in conjunction with rheological measurements, the significance of electrostatic interactions and micellar microstructure to the formation of shear-induced structures (SIS) in systems of dilute aqueous cylindrical micelles is investigated. This is accomplished through a systematic study of the influence of increasing NaCl concentration on the dilute aqueous micellar system of 11 mM cetyltrimethylammonium p-toluenesulfonate (CTAT). Concurrent with increases in the zero-shear viscosity (o), low NaCl concentrations lead to the growth of micelles through increases in the degree of screening of electrostatic interactions. These systems, which exhibit discernible electrostatic or correlation peaks in the SANS results, undergo shear-induced structural transitions, whereby critical shear rates tend to increase with NaCl concentration. With further increases in the NaCl concentration, intermicellar electrostatic interactions are adequately screened, and no SIS is observed. The addition of NaCl to these systems increases the micellar flexibility, as shown by SLS. The o of these systems decreases, and the critical shear rates for these shear-thinning systems increases, consistent with expectations for dilute polyelectrolyte systems."
174	"Tucker RT"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (12)"	"4404"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering analysis of blends with very strong intermolecular interactions: Polyamide/ionomer blends"	"Han CC"	"Dobrynin AV"	"Weiss RA"	"Polymers"	"Ionomers"	"Partially miscible blends of the lithium salt of sulfonated polystyrene ionomer (Li-SPS) and a methylated polyamide (mPA) were studied using small-angle neutron scattering. The blends exhibit lower critical solution temperature behavior (LCST), and the LCST increases with increasing sulfonation level of the ionomer. When the sulfonation level of the ionomer was below 20 mol %, a peak was observed in the scattering structure factor. The position of the peak moved to lower wavevector with increasing sulfonation level and with increasing temperature. The origin of the peak was a correlation hole due to the essential formation of a graft copolymer by the formation of an ion-dipole complex between the amide and sulfonate groups. The tendency of the unsulfonated polystyrene to phase separate from the polyamide was suppressed by the complexation, but it also produced large concentration fluctuations in the blends. The size and intensity of the concentration fluctuations increased with increasing temperature, i.e., as the LCST phase boundary was approached, and decreased with increasing sulfonation level as the length of the unsulfonated chain between sulfonate groups (and complex sites) decreased. The SANS data were successfully modeled with a modified form of the de Gennes model for scattering from a cross-linked polymer blend, which allowed for calculation of an interaction parameter, , for the system. In general, decreased with increasing sulfonation level and with increasing ionomer composition."
175	"Vogt B"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (11)"	"4029"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of polystyrene-block-poly(n-alkyl methacrylate)s dilated with carbon dioxide"	"RamachandraRao VS"	"Gupta TJ"	"Russell TP, Watkins JJ"	"Polymers"	"Pressure effects (CO2)"	"The influence of carbon dioxide (CO2) sorption on the phase behavior of two polystyrene-block-poly(n-alkyl methacrylate) copolymers was studied. One, polystyrene-block-poly(n-hexyl methacrylate), P(S-b-nHMA), exhibits an order-disorder transition (ODT), whereas the other, polystyrene-block-poly(n-butyl methacrylate), P(S-b-nBMA), exhibits a lower disorder-order transition (LDOT). CO2 sorption increases miscibility of the segments in P(S-b-nHMA) slightly: the ODT is depressed by less than 7 C at a CO2 fluid density of 0.25 g/cm3, which corresponds to 7 vol % dilation of the copolymer with CO2 at the conditions studied. In contrast, CO2 sorption decreased the miscibility of P(S-b-nBMA) markedly: the LDOT was depressed by more than 70 C at densities < 0.06 g/cm3, which corresponds to less than 3 vol % sorption of CO2. Unlike P(S-b-nHMA), ordering transitions in CO2-dilated P(S-b-nBMA) exhibit a pronounced thermal hysteresis that increases with increasing volume fraction of sorbed diluent. The hysteresis is a consequence of the sensitivity of the LDOT system to differences in CO2 sorption between the ordered and disordered states, as evidenced by neutron reflectivity measurements. The difference in the effect of CO2 sorption on the phase behavior of the copolymers is attributed to the different nature of the transitions. The entropically driven LDOT is depressed by differential dilation of the copolymer domains, which increases both the compressibility of the system and disparities in compressibility between the blocks. In contrast, the enthalpically driven ODT is depressed by the screening of segmental interactions by CO2 and is less sensitive to compressibility."
176	"Wagner NJ"	0	"MRS Bulletin"	"2004"	"29 (2)"	"100"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The role of nanoscale forces in colloid dispersion rheology"	"Bender JW"			"Complex fluids"	"Shear effects"	"Journal not available online"
177	"Walker LM"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2001"	"6 (5-6)"	"451"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Rheology and structure of worm-like micelles"				"Complex fluids"	"Shear effects"	"Journal not available online"
178	"Wang H"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2003"	"67 (6)"	"060902"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Kinetic pathway of the bilayered-micelle to perforated-lamellae transition"	"Nieh M-P"	"Hobbie EK"	"Glinka CJ, Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Nanophases"	"Using time-resolved small-angle neutron scattering, we have studied the kinetics of the recently observed bilayered-micelle (or so-called \"bicelle\") to perforated-lamellar transition in phospholipid mixtures. The data suggest that phase-ordering occurs via the early-time coalescence of bicelles into stacks of lamellae that then swell. Our measurements on this biomimetic system highlight the ubiquitous role of transient metastable states in the phase ordering of Complex fluids."
179	"Wang H"	0	"P Combust Inst"	"2003"	"29 (Part 2)"	"2749"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering of soot formed in laminar premixed ethylene flames"	"Zhao B"	"Wyslouzil B"	"et al"	"Complex fluids"	"Nozzle spray"	"Journal not available online"
181	"Wang Z"	0	"Acta Materialia"	"2003"	"51 (18)"	"5319"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of pores and interfaces on effective properties of plasma sprayed zirconia coatings"	"Kulkarni A"	"Deshpande S"	"Nakamura T, Herman H"	"Materials Science"	"Sprayed coatings"	"It is difficult to establish structure–property relationships in plasma sprayed coatings because of their unique and intermingled splat microstructures incorporating networks of various intrinsic process-dependent microdefects. In this paper, these coatings are characterized using two distinctly different approaches, both based on novel experimental techniques and computational modeling tools. In each approach, detailed finite element models are illustrated to represent the porous coatings fabricated with four different types of zirconia feed powder. One approach is based on small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) studies carried out to quantify microstructure. In this approach, the pore morphology is idealized by artificially rebuilding, based on the collective microstructural information obtained in terms of component porosities of three pore systems, their opening dimensions and orientation. The other method relies on image analysis of real microstructural images obtained using scanning electron microscopy (SEM). The finite element mesh for the actual cross-sectional model, generated by thresholding the SEM images, is constructed with the object oriented finite (OOF) element method. Through these two approaches, the effective thermal conductivity and elastic modulus along the spray, as well as the transverse directions are estimated for thermally sprayed yttria-stabilized zirconia (PSZ) coatings. Our results show the effectiveness of these computational approaches for estimating material properties with each approach having its strength and weakness. However, in comparison with experimentally measured properties, there exist some limitations in both approaches. To further probe the source of discrepancy within the measurements, the coatings are thermal cycled to reduce the effect of splat boundaries on properties. Additional models are constructed for these coatings and their analysis is carried out. For the first time, the influence of the splat interfaces on the effective properties of sprayed coatings is quantified."
182	"Chen WR"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2003"	"68 (4)"	"041402"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Neutron- and light-scattering studies of the liquid-to-glass and glass-to-glass transitions in dense copolymer micellar solutions"	"Mallamace F"	"Glink CJ"	"Fratini E, Chen SH"	"Complex fluids"	"Micellar structure"	"Recent mode coupling theory (MCT) calculations show that if a short-range attractive interaction is added to the pure hard sphere system, one may observe a new type of glass originating from the clustering effect (the attractive glass) as a result of the attractive interaction. This is in addition to the known glass-forming mechanism due to the cage effect in the hard sphere system (the repulsive glass). The calculations also indicate that if the range of attraction is sufficiently short compared to the diameter of the particle, within a certain interval of volume fractions where the two glass-forming mechanisms nearly balance each other, varying the external control parameter, the effective temperature, makes the glass-to-liquid-to-glass reentrance and the glass-to-glass transitions possible. Here we present experimental evidence of both transitions, obtained from small-angle neutron-scattering and photon correlation measurements taken from dense L64 copolymer micellar solutions in heavy water. Varying the temperature in certain predicted volume fraction range triggers a sharp transition between these two different types of glass. In particular, according to MCT, there is an end point (called A3 singularity) of this glass-to-glass transition line, beyond which the long-time dynamics of the two glasses become identical. Our findings confirm this theoretical prediction. Surprisingly, although the Debye-Waller factors, the long-time limit of the coherent intermediate scattering functions, of these two glasses obtained from photon correlation measurements indeed become identical at the predicted volume fraction, they exhibit distinctly different intermediate time relaxation. Furthermore, our experimental results obtained from volume fractions beyond the end point are characterized by the same features as the repulsive glass obtained before the end point. A complete phase diagram giving the boundaries of the structural arrest transitions for L64 micellar system is given."
183	"Weissmuller J"	1	"Physical Review B"	"2001"	"63 (21)"	"214414"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Analysis of the small-angle neutron scattering of nanocrystalline ferromagnets using a micromagnetics model"	"Michels A"	"Barker JG"	"Wiedenmann A, Erb U, Shull RD"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"In ferromagnets with a nonuniform magnetocrystalline and/or magnetoelastic anisotropy, such as nanocrystalline (nc-) or cold-worked (cw-) polycrystalline materials, the static magnetic microstructure gives rise to strong elastic magnetic small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The paper explores a method for analyzing field-dependent SANS data from such materials in terms of a model based on the theory of micromagnetics. Samples of cw Ni and of electrodeposited nc Ni and nc Co were characterized by x-ray scattering and magnetometry, and were investigated by SANS both with and without polarization of the neutron beam. The variation of the differential scattering cross section with the scattering vector and with the applied magnetic field is well described by the model. Also, experimental results for the exchange stiffness constant A and for the spin-wave stiffness constant D obtained from the analysis are found to agree with literature data obtained by inelastic neutron scattering on single-crystal specimens. The model supplies an \"anisotropy field scattering function\" that contains information on the magnitude of the magnetic anisotropy in the material, and on the characteristic length scales on which the anisotropy changes direction. The results suggest that the anisotropy may be strongly nonuniform in each crystallite, possibly due to twinning, and that some magnetic moments in the Ni samples are strongly pinned at defects."
184	"Weissmuller J"	0	"Scripta Materialia"	"2001"	"44 (8-9)"	"2357"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Magnetic small-angle neutron scattering by nanocrystalline terbium"	"Michels D"	"Michels A"	"Wiedenmann A, Krill CE, Sauer HM, Birringer R"	"Condensed matter"	"Magnetism"	"Volumes <48 not available online"
185	"Wesley RD"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (15)"	"5704"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of polymer/surfactant complexes formed by poly(2-(dimethylamino)ethyl methacrylate) and sodium dodecyl sulfate"	"Cosgrove T"	"Thompson L"	"Armes SP, Baines FL"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Complexes structure"	"The small-angle neutron scattering from poly(2-(dimethylamino)ethyl methacrylate) (PDMAEMA) has been investigated in the presence of the anionic surfactant, sodium dodecyl sulfate (SDS). At pH 9.1, the polymer is a Gaussian coil whose size is determined primarily by nonelectrostatic interactions. The presence of the polymer induces micellization of the surfactant, even at surfactant concentrations below the surfactant's normal critical micelle concentration. The polymer decorates the surfactant micelles and in some respects resembles a polymer adsorbed on a spherical particle."
186	"Wiyatno W"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2003"	"36 (4)"	"1178"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Component stress-strain behavior and small-angle neutron scattering investigation of stereoblock elastomeric polypropylene"	"Fuller GG"	"Pople JA"	"Gast AP, Chen Z, Waymouth RM, Myers CL"	"Polymers"	"Elastomers"	"Elastomeric polypropylene (ePP) produced from unbridged 2-arylindene metallocene catalysts was studied by uniaxial tensile and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) techniques. The ePP can be separated into the following: a low tacticity fraction soluble in ether (ES), an intermediate tacticity fraction soluble in heptane (HS), and a high tacticity fraction insoluble in heptane (HI). Tensile properties of ePP were compared to its solvent fractions, and the role of each solvent fraction residing within ePP was investigated by blending 5 wt % deuterated fraction with ePP. The tensile properties of each fraction vary considerably, exhibiting properties from a weak gum elastomer for ES, to a semicrystalline thermoplastic for HI. The intermediate tacticity HS fraction exhibits elastic properties similar to the parent elastomer (ePP). In the melt at 160 C, SANS shows that all deuterated fractions are homogeneously mixed with ePP. Slow cooling from the melt to 25 C causes the low tacticity fraction to preferentially segregate in amorphous domains due to different crystallization temperatures and kinetics although, despite its low crystallinity (2%), the low tacticity fraction can cocrystallize with the matrix. The dES-ePP shows little or no relaxation when held under strain and recovers readily upon the release of stress. The high tacticity component (dHI-ePP) retains its plastic properties in the blend."
187	"Yang L"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2001"	"81 (3)"	"1475"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Barrel-stave model or toroidal model? A case study on melittin pores"	"Harroun TA"	"Weiss TM"	"Ding L, Huang H"	"Biology"	"Lipid bilayers"	"Transmembrane pores induced by amphiphilic peptides, including melittin, are often modeled with the barrel-stave model after the alamethicin pore. We examine this assumption on melittin by using two methods, oriented circular dichroism (OCD) for detecting the orientation of melittin helix and neutron scattering for detecting transmembrane pores. OCD spectra of melittin were systematically measured. Melittin can orient either perpendicularly or parallel to a lipid bilayer, depending on the physical condition and the composition of the bilayer. Transmembrane pores were detected when the helices oriented perpendicularly to the plane of the bilayers, not when the helices oriented parallel to the bilayers. The evidence that led to the barrel-stave model for alamethicin and that to the toroidal model for magainin were reviewed. The properties of melittin pores are closely similar to that of magainin but unlike that of alamethicin. We conclude that, among naturally produced peptides that we have investigated, only alamethicin conforms to the barrel-stave model. Other peptides, including magainins, melittin and protegrins, all appear to induce transmembrane pores that conform to the toroidal model in which the lipid monolayer bends continuously through the pore so that the water core is lined by both the peptides and the lipid headgroups."
188	"Yang L"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2000"	"79 (4)"	"2002"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Crystallization of antimicrobial pores in membranes: Magainin and protegrin"	"Weiss TM"	"Lehrer RI"	"Huang H"	"Biology"	"Lipid bilayers"	"Membrane pores spontaneously formed by antimicrobial peptides in membranes were crystallized for the first time by manipulating the sample hydration and temperature. Neutron diffraction shows that magainins and protegrins form stable pores in fully hydrated fluid membranes. At lower hydration levels or low temperature, the membrane multilayers crystallize. In one crystalline phase, the pores in each bilayer arrange in a regular hexagonal array and the bilayers are stacked into a hexagonal ABC lattice, corresponding to the cubic close-packed structure of spheres. In another crystalline phase, the bilayers are modulated into the rippled multilamellae, corresponding to a 2D monoclinic lattice. The phase diagrams are described. Crystallization of the membrane pores provides possibilities for diffraction studies that might provide useful information on the pore structures."
189	"Yong W"	0	"Proceedings of the National Acadamy of Sciences"	"2002"	"99 (1)"	"150"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure determination of micelle-like intermediates in amyloid beta-protein fibril assembly by using small angle neutron scattering"	"Lomakin A"	"Kirkitadze MD"	"Teplow DB, Chen SH, Benedek GB"	"Biology"	"Protein assembly"	"Increasing evidence supports the hypothesis that amyloid ?-protein (A?) assembly is a key pathogenic feature of Alzheimer's disease. Thus, understanding the assembly process offers opportunities for the development of strategies for treating this devastating disease. In prior studies, A? was found to form micelle-like aggregates under acidic conditions. These structures exhibited an average observed hydrodynamic radius of 7 nm. They were found to be in rapid equilibrium with A? monomers or low molecular weight oligomers, and were centers of fibril nucleation. Here the technique of small angle neutron scattering has been used to determine the structure of these A? micelles. The data reveal that the micellar assemblies comprise 30–50 A? monomers and have elongated geometries. The best fit of the data to a uniform spherocylinder yields a radius ?2.4 nm and cylinder length ?11 nm. These structure parameters remain constant over more than a decade in concentration range. The concentration independence of the length of the cylindrical aggregate indicates the presence of an internal nonrepetitive structure that spans the entire length of the A? assembly."
190	"Young SK"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2002"	"40 (4)"	"387"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering investigation of structural changes in Nafion membranes induced by swelling with various solvents"	"Trevino SF"	"Tan NCB"		"Polymers"	"Ionomers"	"The structure of Nafion-117 perfluorosulfonate ionomer membranes was investigated with small-angle neutron scattering techniques. Structural changes induced by the swelling of the membranes with water, alcohols, and dipolar, aprotic solvents were monitored at solvent-swelling levels ranging from approximately 2 vol % to greater than 50 vol %. Membranes swollen up to approximately 50 vol % solvent exhibited two scattering maxima, one known to be associated with ionic regions of the membrane structure and one known to be associated with correlation distances between crystalline regions in the membrane structure. The positions of both maxima shifted toward lower scattering vector values as the solvent content in the membrane increased. The shift in the position of both maxima was linearly related to the solvent volume fraction in the membrane. The Bragg spacings corresponding to both the ionic-feature scattering maximum and the crystalline-feature scattering maximum were plotted versus the solvent volume fraction in the membranes, and the data fit with linear regression. The slopes associated with the curves of the spacing versus the solvent volume fraction were greater for the crystalline-feature spacing than for the ionic-feature spacing for all solvents other than water; this was indicative of preferential segregation of nonaqueous solvents into regions of the structure not directly associated with the ionic scattering maximum."
191	"Yun SI"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 222: 135-PMSE part 2 (2001)"	"2001"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering of arborescent graft poly(styrene)-poly(2-vinylpyridine) polymers."	"Briber RM"	"Kee RA"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Journal not available online"
192	"Yun SI"	0	"Polymer"	"2003"	"44 (21)"	"6579"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering of arborescent polystyrene-graft-poly(2-vinylpyridine) copolymers"	"Briber RM"	"Kee RA"	"Gauthier M"	"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Small-angle neutron scattering was used to characterize the structure of arborescent polystyrene-graft-poly(2-vinylpyridine) copolymers dissolved in methanol-d4 (CD3OD). A radial density profile based on a power law functional form provided a good fit to the scattering data. While a model with homogeneous density profiles in the core and shell, respectively, and with a size distribution (a polydisperse core–shell model) also fits the data comparably well, the extra parameters required for this fit are difficult to justify on the basis of the data. In addition, unconstrained fits using the core–shell model failed to converge to values of the overall molecular size and molecular weight which agreed with values determined from independent light scattering measurements which leads to the conclusion that the power law model is a more appropriate function for describing the radial density function of these molecules. The density profile from either model showed that the polystyrene core of the molecules is not collapsed. Values of the second virial coefficient, A2, have been calculated from Zimm plots and it was found that A2 decreased as a function of generation to close to zero for the highest generation (i.e. highest molecular weight) polymers. Finally, it was found that the radius of gyration of the polymers increases with the molecular weight according to the scaling relationship, Rg~Mwv with v=0.24±0.04."
193	"Yurekli K"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (2)"	"507"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of PS-PVME nanocomposites"	"Karim A"	"Amis EJ"	"Krishnamoorti R"	"Polymers"	"Nanocomposites"	"The influence of nanometer thick, highly anisotropic organically modified layered silicate (montmorillonite) on the phase behavior of deuterated polystyrene (dPS) and poly(vinyl methyl ether) (PVME) is investigated by a combination of small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and a two-dimensional combinatorial method based on light scattering and corroborated by single-point static cloud-point light scattering. The presence of layered silicates up to a volume fraction of 0.04 is found to leave the phase diagram essentially unchanged, with the values of the Flory-Huggins parameter at high temperatures being nearly independent of added silicate for blends with layered silicates up to a volume fraction of 0.008. These surprising results, in light of the significantly higher polarity of PVME in comparison to PS, allows us to investigate the influence of such layered silicates on the kinetics and morphology of phase separation in polymer blends as detailed in a previous paper."
194	"Zhou J"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 224: 262-phys part 2 (2002)"	"2002"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering studies of PNA & DNA systems."	"Deyhim A"	"Krueger S"	"et al"	"Biology"	"DNA"	"Journal not available online"
195	"Zhou W"	1	"Chemical Physics Letters"	"2004"	"384 (1-3)"	"185"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering from single-wall carbon nanotube suspensions: evidence for isolated rigid rods and rod networks"	"Islam MF"	"Wang H"	"Ho DL, Yodh AG, Winey KI, Fischer JE"	"Materials science"	"Nanoparticles"	"We report small angle neutron scattering (SANS) from dilute suspensions of purified individual single wall carbon nanotubes (SWNTs) in D2O with added sodium dodecylbenzene sulfonate ionic surfactant. The scattered intensity scales as Q-1 for scattered wave vector, Q, in the range 0.005<Q<0.02 . The Q-1 behavior is characteristic of isolated rigid rods. A crossover of the scattered intensity power law dependence from Q-1 to Q-2 is observed at ~0.004 , suggesting the SWNTs form a loose network at 0.1 wt% with a mesh size of ~160 nm. SANS profiles from several other dispersions of SWNTs do not exhibit isolated rigid rod behavior; evidently the SWNTs in these systems are not isolated and form aggregates."
196	"Allen AJ"	0	"Surface & Coatings Technology"	"2001"	"146"	"544"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Microstructural characterization studies to relate the properties of thermal-spray coatings to feedstock and spray conditions"	"Long GG"	"Boukari H"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Coatings"	"Journal not available online"
197	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Rapid Communications on Mass Spectroscopy"	"2002"	"16 (15)"	"1494"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering measurements of synthetic polymer dispersions in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization matrixes"	"Byrd HCM"	"Guttman CM"		"Polymers"	"Polymer dispersions"	"Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) is used to measure the size and the dispersion of synthetic polymers in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) matrixes. Deuterated polystyrene (DPS) and dithranol in tetrahydrofuran were deposited by electrospray onto a substrate for small angle neutron scattering (SANS) measurements. DPS with 6050 and 27 000 g mol-1 molecular masses were prepared at mass fractions between 0.2 and 6%. All samples contained large aggregates of DPS with characteristic sizes >200 Å that represent hundreds of aggregated chains. Samples of mass fraction 1% DPS (6050 g mol-1) in 2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid, all-trans-retinoic acid, and sinapinic acid also have large zero angle scattering characteristic of large aggregates. The morphological trend obtained from the SANS measurements of the DPS aggregate size in the four matrixes is dithranol > 2,5-dihydroxybenzoic acid > all-trans-retinoic acid > sinapinic acid. These measurements indicate that DPS in dithranol exhibits the most strong phase separation, while DPS in sinapinic acid shows considerable domain mixing. All of these matrixes produce MALDI signal strength under appropriate conditions, suggesting that strong phase separation does not diminish the signal-to-noise ratio. DPS (188 000 g mol-1) in biphenyl was used as a model system of a matrix that can be either crystalline or amorphous. SANS data shows that above the biphenyl melting point, a conventional solution is formed that has molecularly dispersed polymers. Upon crystallization, there is strong aggregation of the DPS into large domains. Therefore, the crystalline matrixes commonly used in MALDI measurements probably cause large aggregations of polymers to be present during the MALDI process. Published in 2002 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
198	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Rapid Communications on Mass Spectroscopy"	"2002"	"16 (12)"	"1192"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Tri-alpha-naphthylbenzene as a crystalline or glassy matrix for matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization: a model system for the study of effects of dispersion of polymer samples at a molecular level"	"Guttman CM"	"Liu DW"	"Blair WR"	"Polymers"	"Polymer dispersion"	"Tri--naphthylbenzene (TNB) can exist as either a crystalline or glassy solid at ambient temperatures, making it a unique matrix in matrix-assisted laser desorption/ionization (MALDI) spectroscopy. Electrosprayed TNB is crystalline and has a melting point of 180 ± 2 °C, as measured by differential scanning calorimetry (DSC). A glass of TNB is obtained upon heating above the crystalline melting point with a glass transition temperature of 68 ± 2 °C having no remaining crystallinity. MALDI samples containing mass fraction 1% polystyrene (PS) are run in both the crystalline and amorphous states. In the crystalline state, there is a strong spectrum typical of PS, but upon melting and quenching to the glassy state, the MALDI signal disappears. If the transparent, amorphous sample is treated with 1-butanol, it becomes white, and the MALDI signal returns. DSC shows that the 1-butanol treatment leads to the return of some of the crystallinity. Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) shows that the crystalline state has large aggregations of PS while the amorphous state has molecularly dispersed PS molecules. MALDI gives strong signals only when there are large aggregations of polymer molecules, with individually dispersed molecules producing no signal. Published in 2002 by John Wiley & Sons, Ltd."
199	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Journal of Electronic Materials"	"2001"	"30 (4)"	"304"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure and property characterization of low-k dielectric porous thin films"	"Lin EK"	"Lee HJ"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Porous media"	"Journal not available online"
201	"Bu ZM"	0	"Journal of Molecular Biology"	"2003"	"332 (1)"	"23"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Nucleotide binding induces changes in the oligomeric state and conformation of Sec A in a lipid environment: A small-angle neutron-scattering study"	"Wang LO"	"Kendall DA"		"Biology"	"Lipids"	"In Escherichia coli, SecA is a large, multifunctional protein that is a vital component of the general protein secretion pathway. In its membrane-bound form it functions as the motor component of the protein translocase, perhaps through successive rounds of membrane insertion and ATP hydrolysis. To understand both the energy conversion process and translocase assembly, we have used contrast-matched, small-angle neutron-scattering (SANS) experiments to examine SecA in small unilamellar vesicles of E. coli phospholipids. In the absence of nucleotide, we observe a dimeric form of SecA with a radius of gyration comparable to that previously observed for SecA in solution. In contrast, the presence of either ADP or a non-hydrolyzable ATP analog induces conversion to a monomeric form. The larger radius of gyration for the ATP-bound relative to the ADP-bound form suggests the former has a more expanded global conformation. This is the first direct structural determination of SecA in a lipid bilayer. The SANS data indicate that nucleotide turnover can function as a switch of conformation of SecA in the membrane in a manner consistent with its proposed role in successive cycles of deep membrane penetration and release with concommitant preprotein insertion."
203	"Burghardt WR"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (10)"	"4210"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Linear viscoelasticity of a polymeric bicontinuous microemulsion"	"Krishnan K"	"Bates FS"	"Lodge TP"	"Polymers"	"Polymer microemulsion"	"Ternary polymer blends of immiscible homopolymers and the corresponding diblock copolymer are useful models for studying equilibrium and nonequilibrium behavior of self-assembled fluids. We report linear viscoelastic data for a polymeric bicontinuous microemulsion, experiments that are possible due to the comparatively high viscosities of the principal components. After subtracting a viscous background contribution from the pure constituents, the microemulsion exhibits \"excess\" viscoelastic behavior similar in character to that resulting from the Rouse model of polymer dynamics. The data are compared to the predictions of a time-dependent Landau-Ginzburg model developed by Pätzold and Dawson, using structural parameters derived from neutron scattering as input. This model captures the essential characteristics of the viscoelastic behavior very well. However, using independent dynamic light scattering measurements of the Onsager coefficient for these blends, it appears that the model fails to predict either the magnitude or the temperature dependence of the zero shear viscosity and relaxation time of the microemulsion accurately. Possible origins for these discrepancies are discussed."
205	"Chen YV"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2002"	"40 (5)"	"466"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Influence of long-chain branching on the miscibility of poly (ethylene-r-ethylethylene) blends with different microstructures"	"Lodge TP"	"Bates FS"		"Polymers"	"Polymer branching"	"The melt miscibility of two series of poly(ethylene-r-ethylethylene) (PEExx) polymers with different percentages (xx) of ethylethylene (EE) repeat units was examined with small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The first series consisted of comb/linear blends in which the first component is a heavily branched comb polymer (B90) containing 90% EE and an average of 62 long branches with a weight-average molecular weight (MW) of 5.5 kg/mol attached to a backbone with MW = 10.0 kg/mol. The comb polymer was blended with six linear PEExx copolymers, all of which had MW 60 kg/mol and EE percentages ranging from 55 to 90%; they were denoted L55 to L90, with the number referring to the percentage of EE repeat units. The second series consisted of linear/linear blends; the first component, with MW = 220 kg/mol and 90% EE, was denoted L90A, and the second components were the same series of linear polymers, with MW 60 kg/mol and various EE compositions. The concentrations investigated were 50/50 w/w, except for the blend of branched B90 and linear L90 (both components were 90% EE), for which 25/75 and 75/25 concentrations were also examined. The SANS results indicated that for the comb/linear blends, only the dB90/L90 blends were miscible, whereas the other five blends phase-separated; for the linear/linear blends, dL90A/L83 and dL90A/L78 were miscible, whereas the other three blends were immiscible. These results indicate that long-chain branching significantly narrowed the miscibility window of these polyolefin blends. © 2002 John Wiley & Sons, Inc. J Polym Sci Part B: Polym Phys 40: 466-477, 2002; DOI 10.1002/polb.10102"
207	"George M"	1	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2003"	"125 (34)"	"10275"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"N-alkyl perfluoroalkanamides as low molecular-mass organogelators"	"Snyder SL"	"Terech P"	"Glinka CJ, Weiss RG"	"Polymers"	"Organogelators"	"A new class of low molecular-mass organogelators (LMOGs), N-alkyl perfluoroalkanamides, F(CF2)nCONH(CH2)mH, is described. The molecules are designed to exploit the incompatibilities of their three molecular parts, and the results demonstrate that this strategy can be used to tune molecular aggregation and gel stability. The gelating properties of these LMOGs have been examined in a wide variety of organic liquids (including alkanes, alcohols, toluene, n-perfluorooctane, CCl4, and DMSO) as a function of the N-alkyl and perfluoroalkyl chain lengths by X-ray diffraction, polarizing optical microscopy, infrared spectroscopy, differential scanning calorimetry, and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The gels are thermally reversible and require generally very low concentrations (<2 wt %) of LMOG. Several of the gels are stable for very long periods at room temperature. The incompatibility of the fluorocarbon and hydrocarbon segments causes the LMOGs to aggregate, probably into lamellae within the fibrils that constitute the basic unit of the gel networks. The SANS studies show that the cross-sections of fibers in the gel networks of LMOGs with shorter perfluoroalkyl chains are much larger than those with longer ones. Comparisons with the gelating properties of some analogous esters (F(CF2)nCO2(CH2)mH) and diblock perfluoroalkylalkanes (F(CF2)n(CH2)mH) indicate that additional ordering within the aggregate units is enforced by the intermolecular H bonding among amide groups that is evidenced by IR spectroscopy. Analyses of these results and structure/solvent correlations are provided."
208	"Grohn F"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (19)"	"6701"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Hydrophobically modified dendrimers as inverse micelles: Formation of cylindrical multidendrimer nanostructures"	"Bauer BJ"	"Amis EJ"		"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Poly(propyleneimine) dendrimers with stearyl end groups are investigated as inverse micelles in toluene. While the initial dendrimers have a spherical structure with a collapsed core, solubilization of metal salt hydrate leads to the formation of cylindrical multidendrimer structures with swollen, metal-salt-filled dendrimer cores. The cylindrical structure can be deduced from the small-angle neutron (SANS) as well as from the X-ray scattering (SAXS) pair distance distribution function. While the neutron scattering leads to a two-step cross-sectional density profile, the X-ray scattering is sensitive only to the metal-salt-stained core. The gold salt inside the dendrimers was reduced to form colloidal particles, and upon reduction the cylindrical structure breaks up and spherical colloids are formed. The sizes are larger than would be expected if the gold salt loading of one dendrimer formed one particle, indicating that the ions from several dendrimers are combined. These dendrimer-stabilized metal colloids represent hybrid structures that have potential importance as selective catalysts and in the formation of composite materials with special optical properties."
209	"Grohn F"	0	"Synthesis, Functional Properties and Applications of Nanostructures. Symposium"	"2002"	"676"	"Y1.2.1"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Inorganic nanocrystals with dendrimer templates: mesoscopic model system and route to new nanocomposites"	"Bauer BJ"	"Amis EJ"		"Polymers"	"Branched polymers"	"Journal not available online"
210	"Hedden RC"	0	"Materials, Technology and Reliability for Advanced Interconnects and Low-k Dielectrics - Symposium"	"2003"	"766"	"197"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of nanoporous low-k thin films by contrast match SANS"	"Bauer BJ"	"Lee H-J"		"Polymers"	"Photoresists"	"Journal not available online"
211	"Karim A"	1	"Polymer Engineering and Science"	"2002"	"42 (9)"	"1836"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Combinatorial methods for polymer materials science: Phase behavior of nanocomposite blend films"	"Yurekli K"	"Meredith C"	"Amis E, Krishnamoorti R"	"Polymers"	"Phase behavior"	"Polymer materials are often mixed with inorganic materials in the bulk to enhance properties, including mechanical, electrical, thermal, and physical. Such property enhancements are induced not only by the physical presence of the filler but also significantly by the interaction of the polymer with the filler via altering the local properties of the polymer material. In this regard, recently layered silicate nanocomposites have been shown to be effective in modifying the polymer properties because of their high surface area of contact between the polymer and the high aspect ratio nanoparticle. Potential property enhancements should also occur in polymer nanocomposite thin films owing to nanoparticle orientation from film confinement effects. In this paper we investigate the effect of layered silicate nanoparticles on the phase behavior of a classic polymer blend using small angle neutron scattering and compare those results to phase diagrams obtained by high throughput combinatorial methods."
212	"Morkved TL"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"114 (16)"	"7247"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Static and dynamic scattering from ternary polymer blends: Bicontinuous microemulsions, Lifshitz lines, and amphiphilicity"	"Stepanek P"	"Krishnan K"	"Bates FS, Lodge TP"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer thermodynamics"	"Ternary polymer blends, comprising two homopolymers and the corresponding diblock copolymer, have been examined by small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and dynamic light scattering (DLS). Two chemical systems have been employed: one consisting of polyethylethylene, polydimethylsiloxane, and poly(ethylethylene-b-dimethylsiloxane), and another containing polyethylenepropylene, polyethyleneoxide, and poly(ethylenepropylene-b-ethylene oxide). The molecular weights and compositions were chosen to emphasize the region of the phase prism dominated by the bicontinuous microemulsion (BµE) phase; the homopolymer molecular weights and volume fractions were approximately equal. The SANS intensity was compared quantitatively with the Teubner–Strey structure factor, and interpreted via the amphiphilicity factor fa. The transition from a fully disordered mixture at higher temperatures to a well-developed BµE upon cooling did not correlate well with either the disorder line (fa = +1) or the total monomer Lifshitz line (fa = 0). However, DLS provided a clear signature of this transition, via a distinct maximum in the temperature dependence of the dynamic correlation length. We hypothesize that this maximum is closely correlated to the homopolymer/homopolymer Lifshitz line. The structure of the interfaces in the BµE was further examined in terms of the curvature and the copolymer coverage, as functions of copolymer concentration and temperature."
213	"Nakatani AI"	0	"Filled and Nanocomposite Polymer Materials Symposium"	"2001"	"661"	"KK4.2.1"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The significance of percolation on the dynamics of polymer chains bound to carbon black"	"Ivkov R"	"Papanek P"	"et al"	"Polymers"	"Polymer dynamics"	"Journal not available online"
214	"Nakatani AI"	1	"International Journal of Thermophysics"	"2002"	"23 (1)"	"199"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Chain dimensions in polysilicate-filled poly(dimethyl siloxane)"	"Chen W"	"Chmidt RG"	"Gordon GV, Han CC"	"Polymers"	"Polymer networks"	"Experimental results on the single-chain dimensions of isotopic blends (both mismatched and matched molecular masses) of poly(dimethyl siloxane) containing trimethylsilyl-treated polysilicate particles (fillers) are presented and compared with Monte Carlo calculations. For polymer chains that are approximately the same size as the filler particle, a decrease in chain dimensions is observed relative to the unfilled chain dimensions at all filler concentrations. For larger chains, at low filler concentrations, an increase in chain dimensions relative to the unfilled chain dimensions is observed. Both results are in agreement with existing Monte Carlo predictions. However, at even higher filler contents, which are beyond the scope of the Monte Carlo predictions, the chain dimensions reach a maximum value before decreasing to values which are still larger than the unfilled chain dimensions. A simple excluded volume model is proposed which accounts for these observations at higher filler content."
215	"Odette GR"	0	"Microstructural Processes in Irradiated Materials Symposium"	"2001"	"650"	"R.6.1-6"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"On the effect of neutron flux and composition on hardening of reactor pressure vessel steels and model alloys"	"Lucas GE"	"Klingensmith D"		"Materials science"	"Metal alloys"	"Journal not available online"
216	"Quintanilla J"	0	"Journal of Applied Physics"	"2003"	"93 (8)"	"4584"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Gaussian random field models of aerogels"	"Reidy RF"	"Gorman BP"	"Mueller DW"	"Materials science"	"Aerogels"	"A model capable of predicting pore characteristics and rendering representative images of porous materials is described. A long-term goal is to discriminate between open and closed porosities. Aerogels are modeled by intersecting excursion sets of two independent Gaussian random fields. The parameters of these fields are obtained by matching small-angle neutron scattering data with the scattering function for the model. The chord-length probability density functions are then computed for the model, which contain partial clustering information for the aerogels. Visualizations of this model are performed and compared to electron microscopy images and gas adsorption pore size distributions."
217	"Schmidt G"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2003"	"8 (1)"	"103"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Properties of polymer-nanoparticle composites"	"Malwitz MM"			"Polymers"	"Composites"	"Journal not available online"
218	"Schmidt G"	1	"Rheologica Acta"	"2002"	"41 (1-2)"	"45"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Rheology and flow-birefringence from viscoelastic polymer-clay solutions"	"Nakatani AI"	"Han CC"		"Polymers"	"Composites"	"Abstract The shear orientation of viscoelastic clay-polymer solutions was investigated by means of rheology and flow birefringence ((n). The polymer chains are in dynamic adsorption/desorption equilibrium with the clay particles to form a \"network\". The elastic behavior of the network was characterized by constant stress, oscillatory shear, and stress relaxation experiments. Constant stress experiments indicated a yield stress upon which shear flow started and no strain recovery could be observed. Oscillatory shear experiments showed a broad elastic region followed by flow when a critical strain was reached. Stress relaxation experiments showed several relaxation times when the same critical strain was reached. Experiments under steady flow characterized the transient behavior of the network. With increasing steady shear rate a pronounced minimum in birefringence was observed at a critical shear rate. The shear rate dependent viscosity showed near power law behavior and no corresponding critical feature. While birefringence detects orientational effects on a microscopic length scale, rheology averages over macroscopic changes in the sample. The same degree of orientation could be achieved under constant shear rate or constant stress conditions."
219	"Stepanek P"	0	"Physica A"	"2002"	"314 (1-4)"	"411"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Critical phenomena in binary and ternary polymer blends"	"Morkved TL"	"Krishnan K"	"Lodge TP, Bates FS"	"Polymers"	"Polymer blends"	"We have studied the dynamic and static properties of binary and ternary polymer blends in temperature and concentration domains that include the critical temperature. The ternary blends consisted of A and B homopolymers and an A–B diblock copolymer. In binary blends and in ternary blends with lower content of the diblock copolymer, we have observed critical divergence of dynamic and static correlation lengths and of static susceptibility, as measured by dynamic light scattering and small-angle neutron scattering. The critical divergence for the binary blends could be analyzed in terms of a crossover between a mean-field and a nonclassical, Ising-type critical behavior. For ternary blends, the addition of a block copolymer stabilizes the system by decreasing the extent of composition fluctuations and by lowering the critical temperature. At a particular composition of the ternary blend, the appearance of a bicontinuous microemulsion was established by small-angle neutron scattering. It was shown that a maximum in the dynamic correlation length derived from dynamic light scattering and observed under these conditions is a characteristic signature of the microemulsion structure."
220	"Sugiyama M"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2001"	"105 (50)"	"12448"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of an ABC triblock copolymer blended with A and C homopolymers"	"Shefelbine TA"	"Vigild ME"	"Bates FS"	"Polymers"	"Copolymer phase behavior"	"The structures of ternary blends composed of a nearly symmetric poly(styrene-b-isoprene-b-dimethylsiloxane) (SID) triblock copolymer (volume fractions of S/I/D = 0.20/0.59/0.21, Mn = 40 000 g/mol) and equal volume fractions of low-molecular-weight polystyrene (Mn = 2360 g/mol) and poly(dimethylsiloxane) (Mn = 2200 g/mol) are investigated by small-angle X-ray and neutron scattering and transmission electron microscopy. When the total homopolymer volume fraction exceeds 65%, the blend macroscopically separates into ordered homopolymer-poor and -rich regions. Between 45 and 65% homopolymer volume fraction, hexagonally packed core-shell cylinders form with PDMS cores and PI shells. Between 15 and 45% homopolymer volume fraction, a core-shell gyroid morphology is observed with PDMS cores and PI shells. These core-shell variations of the classical structures of diblock copolymers are attributed to a small asymmetry in segment-segment interaction parameters. The neat SID block copolymer has a new complex ordered microstructure."
221	"Viglid ME"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (4)"	"951"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Influence of shear on the alignment of a lamellae-forming pentablock copolymer"	"Chu C"	"Sugiyama M"	"Chaffin KA, Bates FS"	"Polymers"	"Shear effects"	"We characterize shear-induced states of order and disorder in a symmetric lamellae forming poly(cyclohexylethylene) (C)-polyethylene (E) CECEC pentablock copolymer. When subjected to a large amplitude reciprocating shear strain ( = ±600%) in the ordered lamellae state, the sample rapidly aligns in a perpendicular orientation with long-range order. The order-disorder transition temperature TODT() decreases with increasing shear rate , such that a shear rate of = 7 ± 1 s-1 is sufficient to disorder the material nearly 30 C below the quiescent TODT. Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) from the sheared disordered state displays a symmetry that suggests a fundamentally different influence of shear compared to earlier observations of shear-induced anisotropy in the disordered states of lamellae forming diblock and triblock copolymers. Abrupt cessation of shear leads to spontaneous lamellar ordering into a macroscopically well-aligned transverse orientation-an arrangement that previously has been inaccessible via processing. In contrast to this behavior, the perpendicular alignment forms when cooling the sample from above the TODT while applying low shear rates, similar to the response of di- and triblock copolymers. These findings shed fresh insight into the complex phenomena that govern flow- and deformation-induced alignment of block copolymer melts."
222	"Wang MXH"	0	"Abstr Pap Am Chem S 222: 74-PMSE 2(2001)"	"2001"			0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Disordered micelle phase in an asymmetric poly(ethylenepropylene-b-dimethylsiloxane) melt by small-angle neutron scattering."	"Lodge TP"			"Polymers"	"Mesophase"	"Journal not available onlie"
223	"Wang XH"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (26)"	"9687"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The order-disorder transition and the disordered micelle regime for poly(ethylenepropylene-b-dimethylsiloxane) spheres"	"Dormidontova EE"	"Lodge TP"		"Polymers"	"Polymer phases"	"Two asymmetric poly(ethylenepropylene-b-dimethylsiloxane) diblock copolymer melts have been examined by rheology, small-angle X-ray scattering (SAXS), and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The two copolymers have total molecular weights of 24 400 and 23 900 and PDMS volume fractions of 0.12 and 0.10, respectively. The latter copolymer was obtained by extensive fractionation of the former, the difference in composition arising primarily from the removal of traces of PDMS homopolymer. The order-disorder transition (ODT) is unambiguously identified by rheology and SAXS. Above the ODT the SANS and rheological properties are consistent with the recently proposed disordered micelle regime, whereby the copolymers are associated in micellar aggregates that are not ordered on a lattice. The viscosity of the melt in this regime is greater than that of a poly(ethylenepropylene) homopolymer of the same total molecular weight. The SANS structure factors were analyzed by a generalized inverse Fourier transform and by direct fitting to a model based on the Percus-Yevick structure factor and either a spherical or an ellipsoidal form factor. Both approaches give comparable results, and the average micelle core radius, effective hard-sphere radius, and volume fraction were extracted as a function of temperature. The fitting suggests that as temperature increases the micelles remain relatively unchanged, but their number density and volume fraction decrease steadily. The fractionated copolymer has a significantly smaller micellar core than its precursor and therefore a significantly smaller aggregation number. These differences are attributable to the partitioning of PDMS homopolymer into the micellar cores. For these samples the critical micelle temperature (cmt), where the volume fraction of micelles should become negligible, was not accessed, even 100 deg above the ODT."
226	"Zhang Y"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"114 (7)"	"3299"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Influence of counterion valency on the scattering properties of highly charged polyelectrolyte solutions"	"Douglas JF"	"Ermi BD"	"Amis EJ"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"Light and neutron scattering measurements on highly charged polyelectrolyte solutions have recently provided firm evidence for the existence of \"domain structures\" containing many chains, even at rather low-polymer concentrations. In the present paper, we systematically investigate the influence of counterion charge valency Zc on the scattering properties of sulfonated polystyrene (PSS) solutions in water with monovalent and divalent counterions. This study is part of a larger effort to identify essential factors governing polyelectrolyte domain formation and the geometric properties of these transient structures. Neutron scattering measurements indicate that the interchain correlation length d within the domains becomes larger by a factor of 1.5–2 for divalent relative to monovalent counterions. This observation is consistent with the Manning model estimate of the change in effective polymer charge density * with Zc and with previous observations linking d [from the peak position in the scattering intensity [I(q)] with the bare polymer charge density, . Light scattering measurements of the radius of gyration Rg,d of the domains indicate that their size becomes smaller for divalent counterions and with a reduction of . We observe that the \"fractal\" dimension of the domains measured from the low-angle scaling of I(q) depends on the chemical structure of the polyelectrolyte. Zero average contrast (ZAC) neutron scattering measurements show that the radius of gyration Rg,c of individual polyelectrolyte chains is also reduced for divalent counterions, suggesting that chain rigidity is strongly influenced by *. Charge valency effects on relaxation times are investigated by dynamic light scattering. As usual, two diffusive modes are observed in the light intensity autocorrelation function, G(). The \"fast\" mode becomes slower and the \"slow\" mode becomes faster for the divalent counterion (Mg2+), relative to the monovalent counterion (Na+). Counterion valence has a large influence on the structure and dynamics of highly charged polyelectrolyte solutions through its influence on *."
227	"Zhang YM"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (20)"	"7056"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of carbon black and silica fillers in elastomer blends"	"Ge S"	"Tang B"	"Koga T, Rafailovich MH, Sokolov JC, Peiffer DG, Li Z, Dias AJ, McElrath KO, Lin MY, Satija SK, Urquhart SG, Ade H, Nguyen D"	"Polymers"	"Composites"	"The effects of carbon black and pyrogeneous silica fillers on the interfacial properties of a homopolymer [polybutadiene, (PB)] and a terpolymer [brominated poly(isobutylene-co-p-methylstyrene), (BIMS)] are reported. Neutron reflectivity (NR) was used to study the interfacial structure. The results are complemented by scanning transmission X-ray microscopy (STXM) and lateral force microscopy (LFM), which were used to probe the morphology and surface lateral force. Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) was used to characterize the size and surface properties of the filler aggregates in elastomers. Our results show that the interfacial behavior of PB/BIMS is more sensitive to carbon black than to silica. The interfacial broadening is significantly slowed down with addition of merely CB = 0.01 (volume fraction) carbon black fillers. This volume level is much lower than that used in bulk rubbers (CB 0.1). Pyrogeneous silica has a less pronounced effect on the interfacial characteristics. When both carbon and silica are incorporated into the PB layer, the effect of carbon black is offset by silica fillers."
229	"Hammouda B"	1	"Neutron News"	"2001"	"12 (2)"	"20"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS from polymers under pressure"				"Polymers"	"Polymers under pressure"	"Journal not available online"
230	"Ho DL"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2003"	"41 (1)"	"135"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Clustering of Poly(ethylene oxide) in Water Revisited"	"Hammouda B"	"Kline S"	"Ho, D, Hammouda, B, Kline, S"	"Polymers"	"Clustering"	"The dynamic light scattering results presented in this letter demonstrate that the clustering of poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) can be observed even in ultrapure, freshly double-distilled and filtered deionized water. It is confirmed that the filtration of solutions removes the clustering structure and that a steady-state amount of PEO in clusters is reformed in filtered solutions within 24 h. Adding a drop of chloroform to unfiltered aqueous solutions of PEO temporarily alters the clustering structure, but it prevents the clustering of PEO in filtered solutions. © 2002 Wiley Periodicals, Inc. J Polym Sci Part B: Polym Phys 41: 135-138, 2003"
232	"Horkay F"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (12)"	"4285"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Comparison Between Natural Gels and Neutralized Polyelectrolyte Gels in the Presence of Divalent Cations"	"Hecht AM"	"Basser PJ"	"Geissler E"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"No available"
234	"Kim WG"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"114 (22)"	"10196"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of Quench Depth on Grain Structure in Quiescently Ordered Block Copolymers"	"Chang MY"	"Garetz BA"	"Newstein MC, Balsara NP, Lee JH, Hahn H, Patel SS"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"No available"
235	"Kim WG"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2001"	"39 (19)"	"2231"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Maximizing Grain Growth Rate During the Disorder-to-Order Transition in Block Copolymer Melts"	"Garetz BA"	"Newstein MC"	"Balsara NP"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"No available"
236	"Lee JH"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (19)"	"6557"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Designing Balanced Surfactants for Mixtures of Immiscible Polymers"	"Balsara NP"	"Krishnamoorti R"	"Jeon H., Hammouda B"	"Polymers"	"Blends"	"No available"
237	"Maranzano BJ"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"114 (23)"	"10514"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Effects of Particle Size on Reversible Shear Thickening of Concentrated Colloidal Dispersions"	"Wagner NJ"			"Complex fluids"	"Colloidal dispersions"	"No available"
238	"Maranzano BJ"	0	"Journal of Rheology"	"2001"	"45 (5)"	"1205"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Effects of Interparticle Interactions and Particle  Size on Reversible Shear Thickening: Hard-Sphere Colloidal Dispersions"	"Wagner NJ"			"Complex fluids"	"Colloidal dispersions"	"No available"
239	"Maxelon M"	1	"Acta Materialia"	"2001"	"49 (14)"	"2625"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Interaction of Hydrogen and Deuterium With Dislocations in Palladium as Observed by Small Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Pundt A"	"Pyckhout-Hintzen W"	"Barker J, Kirchheim, R"	"Materials science"	"Palladium"	"No available"
241	"Shen L"	0	"Langmuir"	"2001"	"17 (2)"	"288"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of Alkanoic Acid Stabilized Magnetic Fluids: A SANS and LS Analysis"	"Stachowiak A"	"Fateen SK"	"Laibinis PE, Hatton TA"	"Complex fluids"	"Magnetic fluids"	"No available"
242	"Stancik CM"	0	"Polymeric Materials: Science & Engineering. Symposium"	"2001"	"85"	"127"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Novel Dendrimer-like Star Copolymer Architectures Investigated With Scattering Techniques"	"Pople JA"	"Hedrick JL"	"Gas, AP"	"Polymers"	"Dendrimers"	"No available"
243	"Tung CS"	0	"Protein Science"	"2001"	"78 (1)"	"2158"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A Molecular Model of the Troponin C/Troponin Interaction Using Constraints From X-Ray Crystallography, NMR, Small Angle Scattering, Cross-Linking and FRET"	"Wall ME"	"Gallagher SC"	"Trewhella J"	"Biology"	"Troponin"	"No available"
244	"Yang GY"	0	"Proceedings of the American Chemical Society"	"2001"	"85"	"18"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Formation and Characterization of Ultra-Low Dielectric Materials Using TEM and SANS"	"Briber RM"	"Huang E"	"Rice PM, Volksen W, Miller RD"	"Polymers"	"Photoresists"	"No available"
245	"Zimmerman MH"	1	"Acta Materialia"	"2001"	"49 (16)"	"3231"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Fracture of Textured Iron Titanate"	"Baskin DM"	"Faber KT"	"Fuller ER, Allen AJ, Keane DT"	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"No available"
246	"Butler PD"	0	"Physical Review Letters"	"2002"	"88 (5)"	"059601"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Comment on “Evidence of a Sponge-to-Lamellar Phase Transition Under Shear by X-Ray Scattering Experiments in Couette Cell,”"	"Porcar L"	"Warr GG"	"Hamilton WA"	"Complex fluids"	"Sheared micelles"	"No available"
247	"Hamilton WA"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2002"	"116 (19)"	"8533"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Local Membrane Ordering of Sponge Phases at a Solid-Solution Interface"	"Porcar L"	"Butler PD"	"Warr GG"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Sheared micelles"	"No available"
248	"Hassan PA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2002"	"18 (7)"	"2543"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microstructural Changes in SDS Micelles Induced by Hydrotropic Salt"	"Raghavan SR"	"Kaler E"		"Complec fluids"	"Micellar structure"	"No available"
249	"Heuser BJ"	0	"Physical Review B"	"2002"	"65 (1)"	"014102"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-Angle Neutron Scattering Measurements of Deuteride (Hydride) Formation and Decomposition in Single-Crystal Pd"	"Chen WC"			"Materials science"	"Paladium"	"No available"
251	"Serpico JM"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (15)"	"5916"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Transport and Structural Studies of Sulfonated Styrene-Ethylene Copolymer Membranes"	"Ehrenberg SG"	"Fontanella JJ"	"Jiao X., Perahia D, McGrady KA, Sanders EH, Kellogg GE, Wnek GE"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"No available"
252	"Silva AS"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2001"	"115 (15)"	"7166"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Templating of Cylindrical and Spherical Block Copolymers Microdomains by Layered Silicates"	"Mitchell CA"	"Tse MF"	"Wang H-C, Krishnamoorti R"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"No available"
253	"Biggs S"	1	"Nano Letters"	"2002"	"2 (12)"	"1409"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The Formation of an Irreversibly Adsorbed and Organized Micelle Layer at the Solid-Liquid Interface"	"Walker LM"	"Kline SR"		"Complex fluids"	"Micelles"	"No available"
255	"Horkay F"	0	"Macromolecular Bioscience"	"2002"	"2 (5)"	"207"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Calcium-induced volume transitionin polyacrylate hydrogels swollen in physiological salt solutions"	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht A-M"	"Geissler E"	"Polymers"	"Gels"	"No available"
257	"John V"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2002"	"7 (5-6)"	"288"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Recent Developments in Materials Synthesis in Surfactant Systems"	"Simmons B"	"McPherson G"	"Bose A"	"Complex fluids"	"Surfactants"	"No available"
258	"Krueger S"	0	"Journal of Structural Biology"	"2003"	"141"	"240"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Interaction of GroEL and GroES/GroES Complexes with a Non-Native Subtilisin Variant: A Small-Angle Neutron Scattering Study"	"Gregurick S"	"Zondlo J"	"Eisenstein E"	"Biology"	"Protein complexes"	"No available"
259	"Lee AS"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (22)"	"8540"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of pH-Dependent Block Copolymer Micelles: Charge and Ionic Strength Dependence"	"Butun V"	"Vamvakaki M"	"Armes SP, Pople JA, Gast AP"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"No available"
260	"Lin Y"	0	"Journal of Dispersion Science and Technology"	"2002"	"23 (4)"	"539"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Adsorption of Amphiphilic Copolymers on Hydrophobic Particles in Aqueous Media"	"Smith TW"	"Alexandridis P"		"Polymers"	"Particles"	"No available"
261	"Porcar L"	0	"Physical Review Letters"	"2002"	"89 (16)"	"168301"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Scaling of Shear-Induced Transformations in Membrane Phases"	"Hamilton WA"	"Butler PD"	"Warr GG"	"Complex fluids"	"Cicellar phases"	"No available"
262	"Schneider JP"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2002"	"124 (50)"	"15030"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Responsive Hydrogels From the Intramolecular Folding and Self-Assembly of a Designed Peptide"	"Pochan DJ"	"Ozbas B"	"Rajagopal K, Pakstis LM, Gill J"	"Complex fludis"	"Gels"	"No available"
263	"Shah SA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (12)"	"5128"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Scattering Structures of Colloid-Polymer Suspensions and Gels"	"Ramakrishnan S"	"Chen YL"	"Schweizer KS, Zukoski CF"	"Complex fluids"	"Colloids"	"No available"
264	"Stellbrink J"	1	"Polymer"	"2002"	"43 (25)"	"7101"	1	"NG3SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Real Time SANS Sftudy on Head Group Self-Assembly for Lithium Based Anionic Polymerizations"	"Allgaier J"	"Wilner L"	"Richter D, Slawecki T, Fetters T"	"Polymers"	"Polarity"	"No available"
267	"Cochran E"	0	"Physical Review Letters"	"2004"	"93 (8)"	"087802"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear-Induced -to-Network Transition in a Block Copolymer Melt"	"Bates FS"			"Polymers"	"Sheared copolymers"	"No available"
268	"Malwitz MM"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3102"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Orientation and Relaxation of Polymer-Clay Solutions Studied by Rheology and Small-Angle Neutron Scattering,"	"Butler PD"	"Porcar L"	"Angelette DP, Schmidt G"	"Materials science"	"Clay"	"No available"
270	"Hedden RC"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (2)"	"416"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of Nanoporous Low-k Thin Films by SANS 
Contrast Variation"	"Lee Hj"	"Bauer BJ"		"Polymers"	"Photoresists"	"No available"
271	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3070"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Transformation of Phase Size Distribution 
into Scattering Intensity"				"Polymers"	"Structure"	"No available"
272	"Jones RL"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3063"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Formation of deprotected fuzzy blobs in chemically 
amplified"	"Hu TJ"	"Lin EK"	"Wu W-L, Goldfarb D, Angelopoulos M, Trinque BC, Schmidt GM, Stewart MD, Willson CG"	"Polymers"	"Photoresist"	"No available"
273	"Kaler EW"	0	"(M. Abe and J. Scamehorn, 2nd ed.),  Marcel Dekker, New York, 2004."	"2004"			0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase Behavior and Microstructure in Aqueous Mixtures in Mixed Surfactant Systems:  Second Edition
Cationic and Anionic Surfactants"	"Herrington KL"	"Iampietro DJ"	"Coldren BA, Jung HT, Zasadzinski JA"	"Complex fluids"	"Surfactants"	"Not available"
274	"Lonetti B"	0	"Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics"	"2004"	"6 (7)"	"1388"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Viscoelastic and small angle neutron scattering studies of 
concentrated protein solutios"	"Fratini E"	"Chen SH"	"Baglioni P"	"Biology"	"Proteins"	"No available"
276	"Malwitz MM"	0	"Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics 

Chemistry Chemical Physics, 2004, 6, 11, 2977-2982. 

Chemistry Chemical Physics"	"2004"	"6 (11)"	"2977"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Layered Structures of Shear-Oriented and 
Multilayered PEO-Silicate Nanocomposite Films"	"Dundigalla A"	"Ferreiro V"	"Butler PD, Henk
M.C., Schmidt, G."	"Complex fluids"	"Nanocomposites"	"No available"
277	"Lin-Gibson S"	1	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2004"	"274 (2)"	"515"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear-Induced Structure in Polymer-Clay Nanocomposite Solutions"	"Kim H"	"Schmidt G"	"Han CC
Hobbie, E.K."	"Polymers"	"Nanocomposites"	"No available"
278	"Pozzo DC"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2004"	"240 (1-3)"	"187"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Reversible Shear Gelation of Clay-Polymer Dispersions"	"Walker LM"			"Complex fluids"	"Sheared micelles"	"Not available"
279	"Biggs S"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (4)"	"1085"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Adsorption of Polymerized Rod-like Micelles at the Solid-Liquid Interface"	"Kline SR"	"Walker LM"		"Complex fluids"	"Sheared micelles"	"Not available"
280	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (19)"	"7893"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The Magnetically Alignable Phase of Phospholipid Bicelle Mixtures in a Chiral Nematic Made up of Worm-Like Micelles"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Glinka CJ"	"Harroun TA, Pabst
G., Katsaras, J."	"Complec fluids"	"Magnetic alignment"	"No available"
281	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2004"	"86 (4)"	"2615"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneously Formed Monodispersed Biomimetic 
Unilamellar Vesicles: The Effect of Charge, Dilution and Time"	"Harroun TA"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Glinka CJ
 Katsaras, J."	"Complex fluids"	"Vesicles"	"No available"
282	"Yurekli K"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2004"	"126 (32)"	"9902"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering from Surfactant Assisted Aqueous Dispersions 
of Carbon Nanotubes."	"Mitchell CA"	"Krishnamoorti R"		"Materials science"	"Carbon nanotubes"	"Not available"
283	"Yurekli K"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3204"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamic Interactions in Blends of Poly(4 tert butyl styrene) and Polyisoprene by Small 
Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Krishnamoorti R"			"Polymers"	"Blends"	"Not available"
286	"Singh M"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (14)"	"5693"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Shear Orientation of a Rigid Surfactant Mesophase"	"Agarwal V"	"DeKee D"	"Bose A, McPherson G
John, V."	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"Not available"
287	"Singh M"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (18)"	"7392"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structural Evolution of a Two-Component Organogel"	"Tan G"	"Agarwal V"	"Bose A, McPherson G
John, V."	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"Not available"
288	"Schubert BA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (9)"	"3564"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Shear-Induced Phase Separation in Solutions of Wormlike Micelles"	"Wagner NJ"	"Kaler EW"	"Raghavan, SR
S.R."	"Complex fluids"	"Gels"	"Not available"
289	"Perahia D"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42(17)"	"3165"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"From the conformation of a single molecule to physical networks in highly interacting polymers: A small-angle neutron study."	"Jiao X"	"Traiphol R"		"Polymers"	"Networks"	"Not available"
290	"Pakstis L"	0	"Biomacromolecules"	"2004"	"5 (2)"	"312"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Effect of Chemistry and Morphology on the Biofunctionality of Self-Assembling Diblock Copolypeptide Hydrogels"	"Nowak AP"	"Deming TJ"	"Pochan DJ"	"Biology"	"Gels"	"Not available"
291	"Ozbas B"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (19)"	"7331"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Salt-Triggered Peptide Folding and Consequent 
Self-Assembly into Hydrogels with Tunable Modulus"	"Kretsinger J"	"Rajagopal K"	"Schneider JP
Pochan, D.J."	"Biology"	"Gels"	"Not available"
292	"Wang H"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3133"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Time-Resolved SANS Study of Polyethylene 
Crystallization from Solution"				"Polymers"	"Crystalline polymers"	"No available"
293	"Wang H"	1	"Nano Letters"	"2004"	"4 (9)"	"1789"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dispersing Single-Wall Carbon Nanotubes with Surfactants: A Small Angle Neutron Scattering 
Study"	"Zhou W"	"Ho DL"	"Winey KI, Fischer JE, Glinka CJ, Hobbie EK"	"Materials science"	"Nanotubes"	"No available"
294	"Prahbu VM"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2004"	"121 (9)"	"4424"	1	"NG3SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Counterion associative behavior with flexible polyelectrolytes"	"Bossev D"	"Rosov N"	"Amis EJ"	"Polymers"	"Polyelectrolytes"	"No available"
295	"Liu Y"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2004"	"126 (8)"	"2276"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Shear Induced Alignment and Nanowire Silica Synthesis in a Rigid Crystalline Surfactant Mesophase"	"Singh M"	"McPherson GL"	"Agarwal V, Bose A, John V"	"Complex fluids"	"Mesophases"	"Not available"
296	"Reynolds BJ"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (19)"	"7401"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamics of Polymer Blends Organized by Balanced Block Copolymer Surfactants 
Studied by Mean-field Theories and Scattering"	"Ruegg ML"	"Balsara NP"	"Radke CJ, Shaffer TD, Lin MY, Shull KR, Lohse DJ"	"Polymers"	"Blends"	"No available"
297	"Balsara NP"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (10)"	"1793"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Does Conventional Nucleation Occur During Phase Separation in Polymer Blends?\""	"Rappl TJ"	"Lefervre AA"		"Polymers"	"Blends"	"Not available"
298	"Ruegg ML"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (5)"	"1960"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-Angle Neutron Scattering from Non-uniformly Labeled Block Copolymers"	"Newstein MC"	"Balsara NP"	"Reynolds B"	"Polymers"	"Blends"	"Not available"
299	"Bhatia SR"	1	"Langmuir"	"2003"	"19 (3)"	"532"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Scattering of disklike particle suspensions: evidence for repulsive interactions and large length scale structure from static light scattering and ultra-small-angle neutron scattering"	"Barker JG"	"Mourchid A"		"Complex fluids"	"Dispersions"	"No available"
300	"Bromberg L"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (14)"	"5683"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermodynamics of temperature-sensitive polyether-modified poly(acrylic acid) microgels"	"Temchenko M"	"Moeser GD"	"Hatton TA"	"Polymers"	"Gels"	"Not available"
304	"Phair JW"	0	"Cement and Concrete Research"	"2003"	"33"	"1811"	0	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Investigation of the microstructure of alkali-activated cements by neutron scattering"	"Schultz JC"	"Bertram W"	"Aldridge LP"	"Materials science"	"Hydrogels"	"No available"
305	"Page M"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2004"	"108"	"16983"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and Dynamics of Self-assembling aluminum didodecyl phosphate organogels"	"Warr GG"			"Complex fluids"	"Self assembly"	"Not available"
306	"Schaefer DW"	0	"Current Opinion in Solid State & Materials Science"	"2004"	"8"	"39"	0	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Ultra-small-angle neutron scattering: a new tool for materials research"	"Agamalian M"			"Materials science"	"Instrumentation"	"Not available"
308	"Hanson ET"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2001"	"34 (7)"	"2208"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Dynamic light scattering and SANS studies of ternary rod-coil/solvent systems."	"Borsali R"	"Pecora R"		"Polymers"	"Polymer solutions"	"No available"
309	"Buckley CE"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2001"	"34 (2)"	"119"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Characterization of  H defects in the aluminum-hydrogen system using small-angle techniques"	"Birnbaum HK"	"Lin JS"	"Spooner S, Bellman D, Staron P, Udovic TJ, Hollar E"	"Materials science"	"Defects in aluminum"	"No available"
310	"Hammouda B"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (18)"	"6932"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Insight into Clustering in Poly(ethylene oxide) Solutions"	"Ho D"	"Kline S"		"Polymers"	"Polymer solutions"	"Not available"
311	"Phair JW"	0	"Journal of the American Ceramic Society"	"2004"	"87 (1)"	"129"	0	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering and rheological characterization of aluminosilicate hydrogels"	"Schultz JC"	"Aldridge LP"	"Smith JD"	"Materials science"	"Hydrogels"	"Not available"
316	"Deshpande S"	0	"Surface & Coatings Technology"	"2004"	"187 (1)"	"6"	0	"NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Application of image analysis for characterization of porosity in thermal spray coatings and correlation with small angle neutron scattering"	"Kulkarni A"	"Sampath S"	"et al."	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"The microstructures of thermally sprayed coatings are very complex and incorporate process-dependent defects such as globular pores, interlamellar pores, cracks (in case of ceramics), etc. Porosity is a prevalent feature in the microstructure and affects a wide range of coating properties such as elastic modulus, thermal conductivity and dielectric behavior. Various methods are employed for quantitative measurement of porosity, which forms an important and integral part of microstructural characterization of thermal spray coatings. Studies have been conducted here to establish image analysis (IA) as a reliable method for characterization of porosity in thermally sprayed coatings. The versatility of IA methods for microstructural quantification has been investigated for diverse coatings deposited with distinct spray processes and material feedstock characteristics. The IA methods put forth have been successfully applied to a variety of thermally sprayed coatings; materials of interest in this study being produced from partially stabilized zirconia (PSZ, ZrO2+8% Y2O3) and alumina ceramics. The results have been complemented with the microstructural information obtained using advanced characterization techniques, such as small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and computer micro-tomography (CMT) carried out on similar coatings. The trends shown by these different methods for variation in porosity with respect to feedstock characteristics were in agreement. This study confirms the applicability of image analysis as a straightforward, versatile, reliable and inexpensive method for the characterization of porosity."
317	"Voge G"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2004"	"42 (17)"	"3191"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of random and block copolymer additives on a homopolymer blend studied by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Fosser K"	"Waldrow D"	"Briber R, Halasa A"	"Polymers"	"Blends"	"Small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) has been employed to study a blend of polystyrene and polybutadiene modified by copolymer additives. SANS data from the one-phase region approaching the phase boundary has been acquired for blends modified by random and diblock copolymers that have equal amounts of styrene and butadiene monomers as well as a random copolymer with an unequal monomer composition. The binary blend is near the critical composition, and the copolymer concentrations are low at 2.5% (w/w). The data have been fitted with the random-phase approximation model (binary and multicomponent versions) to obtain Flory-Huggins interaction parameters (chi) for the various monomer interactions. These results are considered in the context of previous light scattering data for the same blend systems. The SANS cloud points are in good agreement with previous results from light scattering. The shifts in the phase boundary are due to the effects of the additives on the chi parameter at the spinodal. All the additives appear to lower the chi parameter between the homopolymers; this is in conflict with the predicted Flory-Huggins behavior."
318	"Alinger MJ"	0	"Journal of Nuclear Materials"	"2004"	"329-333 (Part 1)"	"382"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The development and stability of Y-Ti-O nanoclusters in mechanically alloyed Fe-Cr based ferritic alloys"	"Odette GR"	"Hoelzer DT"		"Materials science"	"Alloys"	"Ferritic alloys containing a high density of nanoscale clusters of Y-Ti-O exhibit superior creep strength and potential for high resistance to radiation damage. Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) was used to characterize the sequence-of-events and the necessary ingredients for the formation of nanoclusters (NCs) during processing, as well as their thermal stability during high temperature aging. Mechanical alloying (MA) dissolves Y2O3 in the master alloy Fe-Cr-W powders. A large population of 1-2 nm NCs precipitate during subsequent high temperature consolidation. The NC sizes increase and their volume fractions and number densities decrease with increasing the consolidation temperature. Both Ti and Y are necessary for NC formation at higher temperatures. The NCs in MA957 are stable during aging at 1150 degreesC for times up to 243 h, but systematically coarsen at 1200 degreesC. The NCs coarsen rapidly and become unstable at higher aging Lemperatures. Variations in the alloy hardness are consistent with differences in the NC sizes and number densities."
319	"Hedden RC"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (16)"	"6658"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of pore structure in a nanoporous low-dielectric-constant thin film by neutron porosimetry and X-ray porosimetry"	"Lee HJ"	"Soles CL"	"et al."	"Polymers"	"Photoresists"	
320	"Kulkarni AA"	0	"Journal of the American Ceramic Society"	"2004"	"87 (7)"	"1294"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microstructure-property correlations in industrial thermal barrier coatings"	"Goland A"	"Herman H"	"Kulkarni AA, Goland A, Herman H, et al."	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"This paper describes the results from multidisciplinary characterization/scattering techniques used for the quantitative characterization of industrial thermal barrier coating (TBC) systems used in advanced gas turbines. While past requirements for TBCs primarily addressed the function of insulation/ life extension of the metallic components, new demands necessitate a requirement for spallation resistance/strain tolerance, i.e., prime reliance, on the part of the TBC. In an extensive effort to incorporate these TBCs, a design-of-experiment approach was undertaken to develop tailored coating properties by processing under varied conditions. Efforts focusing on achieving durable/high-performance coatings led to dense vertically cracked (DVC) TBCs, exhibiting quasi-columnar microstructures approximating electron-beam physical-vapor-deposited (EB-PVD) coatings. Quantitative representation of the microstructural features in these vastly different coatings is obtained, in terms of porosity, opening dimensions, orientation, morphologies, and pore size distribution, by means of small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and ultra-small-angle X-ray scattering (USAXS) studies. Such comprehensive characterization, coupled with elastic modulus and thermal conductivity measurements of the coatings, help establish relationships between microstructure and properties in a systematic manner."
321	"Sharma PK"	0	"International Journal of Pharmaceutics"	"2004"	"278 (2)"	"361"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of anti-inflammatories on Pluronic (R) F127: micellar assembly, gelation and partitioning"	"Bhatia SR"			"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics"	"We present results on the effect of two anti-inflammatory agents, naproxen and indomethacin, on the structure, assembly and gelation transitions of Pluronic(R) F127 micelles. Small-angle neutron scattering experiments on micellar solutions indicate that the micelle aggregation number decreases significantly in the presence of drug solutes, causing the number density of micelles to increase. However, only slight changes were observed in the critical micelle concentration of F 127 in the presence of these drugs. Both anti-inflammatory agents were found to shift the liquid-to-gel and gel-to-liquid transitions of the copolymer to lower temperatures. This may be the result of an increase in the micellar volume fraction, caused by the presence of the hydrophobic drugs. Using an ultraviolet spectroscopy technique, we have also measured the solubilities and micelle-water partition coefficients (K-nw) of naproxen and indomethacin in water and F127 solutions. The values of K-mw for naproxen and indomethacin are 355 +/- 64 and 474 +/- 133, respectively. They are larger than previously reported lipid-water partition coefficients, indicating that F127 micelles may be a better choice for drug loading than lipid vesicles. The slightly greater effects of indomethacin on the gelation boundary as compared with naproxen may be attributable to a higher value of K-mw."
322	"Rajca S"	1	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2004"	"126 (22)"	"6972"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Organic spin clusters. A dendritic-macrocyclic poly(arylmethyl) polyradical with very high spin of S=10 and its derivatives: Synthesis, magnetic studies, and small-angle neutron scattering"	"Rajca A"	"Wongsriratanakul J"	"Bulter P, Choi S-M"	"Polymers"	"Polyradicals"	"Synthesis and characterization of organic spin clusters, high-spin poly(arylmethyl) polyradicals with 24 and 8 triarylmethyls, are described. Polyether precursors to the polyradicals are prepared via modular, multistep syntheses, culminating in Negishi cross-couplings between four monofunctional branch (dendritic) modules and the tetrafunctional calix[4]arene-based macrocyclic core. The corresponding carbopolyanions are prepared and oxidized to polyradicals in tetrahydrofuran-d(8). The measured values of S, from numerical fits of magnetization vs magnetic field data to Brillouin functions at low temperatures (T = 1.8-5 K), are S = 10 and S = 3.6-3.8 for polyradicais with 24 and 8 triarylmethyls, respectively. Magnetizations at saturation (M-sat) indicate that 60-80% of unpaired electrons are present at T = 1.8-5 K. Low-resolution shape reconstructions from the small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data indicate that both the polyradical with 24 triarylmethyls and its derivatives have dumbbell-like shapes with overall dimensions 2 x 3 x 4 nm, in agreement with the molecular shapes of the lowest energy conformations obtained from Monte Carlo conformational searches. On the basis of these shapes, the size of the magnetic anisotropy barrier in the polyradical, originating in magnetic shape anisotropy, is estimated to be in the milliKelvin range, consistent with the observed paramagnetic behavior at T greater than or equal to 1.8 K. For macromolecular polyradicals, with the elongated shape and the spin density similar to the polyradical with 24 triarylmethyls, it is predicted that the values of S on the order of 1000 or higher may be required for \"single-molecule-magnet\" behavior, i.e., superparamagnetic blocking (via coherent rotation of magnetization) at the readily accessible temperatures T > 2 K."
323	"Rajca A"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2004"	"126 (21)"	"6608"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Organic spin clusters: Macrocyclic-macrocyclic polyarylmethyl polyradicals with very high spin S=5-13"	"Wongsriratanakul J"	"Rajca S"		"Polymers"	"Polyradicals"	"Synthesis and magnetic studies of a new class of organic spin clusters, possessing alternating connectivity of unequal spins, are described. Polyarylmethyl polyether precursors to the spin clusters, with linear and branched connectivity between calix[4]arene-based macrocycles, are prepared via modular, multistep syntheses. Their molecular connectivity and stereoisomerism are analyzed using NMR spectroscopy. The absolute masses (4-10 kDa) are determined by FABMS and GPC/MALS. Small angle neutron scattering (SANS) provides the radii of gyration of 1.2-1.8 nm. The corresponding polyradicals with 15, 22, and 36 triarylmethyls, which are prepared and studied as solutions in tetrahydrofuran-dB, may be described as S' = 7/2, 1/2, 7/2 spin trimer (average S = 5-6), S' = 7/2, 1/2, 6/2, 1/2, 7/2 spin pentamer (average S = 7-9), and spin nonamer (average S = 11-13), respectively, as determined by SQUID magnetometry and numerical fits to linear combinations of the Brillouin functions. For spin trimer and pentamer, the quantitative magnetization data are fit to, new percolation models, based upon random distributions of chemical defects and ferromagnetic vs antiferromagnetic couplings. The value of S = 13 is the highest for an organic molecule."
324	"Radlinski AP"	1	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2004"	"274 (2)"	"607"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Angstrom-to-millimeter characterization of sedimentary rock microstructure"	"Ioannidis MA"	"Hinde AL"	"Hainbuchner M, Baron M, Rauch H, Kline SR"	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"Backscatter SEM imaging and small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) data are combined within a statistical framework to quantify the microstructure of a porous solid in terms of a continuous pore-size distribution spanning over five orders of magnitude of length scale, from 10 Angstrom to 500 mum. The method is demonstrated on a sample of natural sandstone and the results are tested against mercury porosimetry (MP) and nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) relaxation data. The rock microstructure is fractal (D = 2.47) in the pore-size range 10 Angstrom - 50 mum and Euclidean for larger length scales. The pore-size distribution is consistent with that determined by MP. The NMR data show a bimodal distribution of proton T-2 relaxation times, which is interpreted quantitatively using a model of relaxation in fractal pores. Pore-length scales derived from the NMR data are consistent with the geometrical parameters derived from both the SEM/SANS and NIP data. The combined SANS/BSEM method furnishes new microstructural information that should facilitate the study of capillary phenomena in hydrocarbon reservoir rocks and other porous solids exhibiting broad pore-size distributions. (C) 2004 Elsevier Inc. All rights reserved."
326	"Kim YJ"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry A"	"2004"	"108 (20)"	"4365"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Isothermal nucleation rates in supersonic nozzles and the properties of small water clusters"	"Wyslouzil BE"	"Wilemski G"	"Wolk J, Strey R"	"Materials science"	"Spray"	"We make direct measurements of stationary, homogeneous nucleation rates, J = N/Deltat, in supersonic Laval nozzles. We determine the number densities, N, of droplets formed from small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) experiments and the time intervals during which nucleation occurs, Deltat approximate to 10 mus, from static pressure measurements along the axis of the nozzle. Applying these techniques to nozzles with different expansion rates, we obtain the first isothermal nucleation rate measurements as a function of supersaturation for these devices with a relatively small error margin in J of +/-50%. At temperatures T of 210, 220, and 230 K, the maximum nucleation rates for D2O lie in the range 4 x 10(16) < J/cm(-3)s(-1) < 3 x 10(17) for supersaturations S ranging from 46 to 143. At the highest temperature, the predictions of classical nucleation theory lie slightly below the experimental points but are still within experimental error. At the lower temperatures, the classical predictions lie well below the measured values, The discrepancy increases as the temperature is lowered and exceeds the measurement error bars. In contrast, the predictions of the empirical temperature correction function to the classical theory proposed by Wolk and Strey (Wolk, J.; Strey, R. J. Phys. Chem. B 2001, 105, 11683) agree quite well with the experimental data points over the entire supersaturation and temperature ranges. Finally, we apply the first and second nucleation theorems to the data and directly estimate the number of molecules in the critical cluster n* and the excess internal energy E-x(n*), respectively. The agreement between these values and the classical values predicted assuming that the critical cluster is a compact spherical object is really quite good even though under our conditions n* is less than 10. The good agreement for the classical values of the excess internal energy implies that the poor temperature dependence of the classical rate predictions arises from the classical theory's failure to treat correctly the excess internal entropy of the critical cluster."
328	"Krishnamoorti R"	0	"Soft Materials"	"2003"	"1 (2)"	"263"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and dynamics of blends of diblock copolymers"	"Rai S"	"Shek MB"		"Polymers"	"Blends"	"The melt state theological behavior of a series of blends of a lamellae-forming nearly symmetrical polystyrene-polyisoprene (PS-PI) diblock copolymer with a sphere-forming highly asymmetrical PS-PI diblock copolymer is correlated to their structure obtained from small-angle neutron scattering (SANS). The exponential composition dependence of the relaxation of fluctuations associated with the disordered asymmetrical diblock is similar to that observed in solutions of star polymers. Further, the zero-shear viscosity of the blends in the disordered state exhibits unusually strong composition dependence. These dynamic properties are closely linked with the SANS-based structural data that suggest strong compositional fluctuations, even in the disordered state."
329	"Kulkarni A"	1	"Materials Science and Engineering A"	"2004"	"369 (1-2)"	"124"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Studies of the microstructure and properties of dense ceramic coatings produced by high-velocity oxygen-fuel combustion spraying"	"Gutleber J"	"Sampath S"	"Goland A, Lindquist WB, Herman H, Allen AJ, Dowd B"	"Materials science"	"Ceramics"	"High-velocity oxygen-fuel (HVOF) spraying stands out among the various processes to improve metal and ceramic coating density and surface characteristics. This paper explores microstructure development, coating characterization and properties of HVOF sprayed alumina coatings and compares these with those produced using the conventional air plasma spray process. We report on the characterization of these coatings using small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and X-ray computed microtomography (XMT) to explain the behavior observed for the two coating systems. Microstructure information on porosity, void orientation distribution, void mean opening dimensions and internal surface areas have been obtained using SANS. XMT (X-ray synchrotron microtomography) has been used to nondestructively image the microstructural features in 3D at a 2.7-mum spatial resolution over a 2-3 turn field of view. 3D medial axis analysis has been used for the quantitative analysis of the coarse void space in order to obtain information on the porosity, specific surface area, pore connectivity and size distribution of the larger voids in the coatings. The results reveal different pore morphologies for the two spray processes. While only globular pores are imaged in the plasma sprayed coatings due to the spatial resolution limit, highly layered porosity is imaged in the HVOF coating. When the quantitative SANS and XMT information are combined, the different thermal and mechanical properties of the two different coating types can be explained in terms of their distinctly different void microstructures."
330	"Heller WT"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2004"	"86 (1s)"	"51a"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS reveals the influence of phosphorylation on the structure of the cardiac troponin complex"	"Finley NL"	"Dong WJ"	"Timmins P, Cheung HC, Rosevear PR, Trewhella J"	"Biology"	"Troponin complex"	"Not available"
331	"Paliwal A"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2004"	"86 (1s)"	"88a"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS study of high pressure unfolding of staphylococcal nuclease."	"Bossev F"	"Paulaitis ME"		"Biology"	"Pressure effect"	"Not available"
333	"Bang J"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2004"	"121 (22)"	"11489"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Temperature-dependent micellar structures in poly(styrene-b-isoprene) diblock copolymer solutions near the critical micelle temperature"	"Viswanathan K"	"Lodge TP"	"Park MJ, Char K"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	"The temperature dependence of the micelle structures formed by poly(styrene-b-isoprene) (SI) diblock copolymers in the selective solvents diethyl phthalate (DEP) and tetradecane (C14), which are selective for the PS and PI blocks, respectively, have been investigated by small angle neutron scattering (SANS). Two nearly symmetric SI diblock copolymers, one with a perdeuterated PS block and the other with a perdeuterated PI block, were examined in both DEP and C14. The SANS scattering length density of the solvent was matched closely to either the core or the corona block. The resulting core and corona contrast data were fitted with a detailed model developed by Pedersen and co-workers. The fits provide quantitative information on micellar characteristics such as aggregation number, core size, overall size, solvent fraction in the core, and corona thickness. As temperature increases, the solvent selectivity decreases, leading to substantial solvent swelling of the core and a decrease in the aggregation number and core size. Both core and corona chains are able to relax their conformations near the critical micelle temperature due to a decrease in the interfacial tension, even though the corona chains are always under good solvent conditions"
335	"Porcar L"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2004"	"93 (19)"	"198301"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Topological relaxation of a shear-induced lamellar phase to sponge equilibrium and the energetics of membrane fusion"	"Hamilton WA"	"Butler PD"	"Warr GG"	"Complex fluids"	"Phases"	"We report time-resolved small angle neutron scattering (t-SANS) measurements of the topological relaxation of Couette shear-induced stacked L/sub alpha / lamellar states to their multiconnected isotropic L/sub 3/ sponge equilibrium phases in a surfactant bilayer membrane system. Comparison of this structural relaxation time to the interval between diffusive membrane contacts, as determined from dynamic light scattering or estimated from the shear rates required for L/sub alpha / saturation, allows us to determine the activation energy barrier to the membrane fusion process reestablishing the solution channel handles that characterize the sponge phase."
340	"Thomas JF"	0	"Cement and Concrete Research"	"2004"	"34 (12)"	"2297"	0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of decalcification on the microstructure and surface area of cement and tricalcium silicate p"	"Chen JJ"	"Allen AJ"	"Jennings HM"	"Materials science"	"Cements"	"Thin coupons of white portland cement (WPC) and tricalcium silicate paste were decalcified by leaching in concentrated ammonium nitrate solutions, resulting in calcium-to-silicon molar ratios (C/S) ranging from 3.0 (control) down to 0.3. The microstructure and surface area were measured using both small-angle neutron scattering (SANS) and nitrogen gas sorption. The intensity in the SANS data regime corresponding to the volume fractal C-S-H gel phase increased significantly on leaching, and the total surface area per unit specimen volume measured by SANS doubled on leaching from C/S=3.0 to near C/S=1.0. The nitrogen BET surface area of the WPC pastes, expressed in the same units, increased on decalcification as well, although not as sharply. The primary cause of these changes is a transformation of the high-density \"inner product\" C-S-H gel, which normally has a low specific surface area as measured by SANS and nitrogen gas sorption, into a morphology with a high specific surface area. The volume fractal exponent corresponding to the C-S-H gel phase decreased with decalcification from 2.3 to 2.0, indicating that the equiaxed 5 nm C-S-H globule building blocks that form the volume fractal microstructure of normal, unleached cement paste are transformed by decalcification into sheetlike structures of increasing thickness."
341	"Bennett A"	0	"Polymer"	"2004"	"45 (25)"	"8531"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Concentration dependence of static and hydrodynamic screening lengths for three different polymers in a variety of solvents"	"Daivisa PJ"	"Shanksb R"	"Knott R"	"Polymers"	"Conformations"	"We have used small angle neutron scattering and dynamic light scattering to measure the static and hydrodynamic screening lengths of polystyrene, polymethylmethacrylate and polydimethylsiloxane solutions ranging from marginal to good solvent quality. A universal plot is found for the scaled static screening length when the concentration is scaled using the second virial coefficient in the way suggested by renormalization group theories. The same concentration units do not produce a universal plot for the hydrodynamic screening length at the molecular weights that we have studied (all around 1–2×105 g/mol). However, when the concentration is expressed in terms of kDc, where kD is the virial expansion coefficient for the cooperative diffusion coefficient and c is the concentration, most of the variation between different polymer–solvent combinations is eliminated. The ratio of hydrodynamic screening length to static screening length increases with concentration for all of the polymer solvent pairs studied, and its value differs for different polymer solvent pairs."
342	"Boukari H"	1	"Physica B"	"2004"	"350 (1-3, Supp 1)"	"E533"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering studies of tubulin ring polymers"	"Chernomordika V"	"Krueger S"	"Nossala R, Sackett DL"	"Biology"	"Tubulin"	"We applied SANS to study nanoscale structures formed from tubulin and either of two similar peptides, cryptophycin1 and dolastatin10. A simple bead ring model adequately describes the cryptophycin–tubulin data, indicating high monodispersity and non-association of the rings. In contrast, dolastatin–tubulin samples show secondary assembly of larger structures. Analysis indicates that these macrostructures may contain locally stacked rings."
343	"Porcar L"	1	"Physica B"	"2004"	"350 (1-3, Supp 1))"	"E963"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Relaxation of a shear-induced lamellar phase measured with time-resolved small-angle neutron scattering"	"Hamilton WA"	"Butler PD"	"Warr GG"	"Complex fluids"	"Sponge phase"	"We have measured the relaxation of Couette shear-induced L lamellar states to their isotropic L3 \"sponge\" equilibrium phases in the cetylpryridinium–hexanol/dextrose–brine system by (cycled) time-resolved small-angle neutron scattering. Although diffusive motions of adjacent membrane sheets may be estimated to bring them into contact with frequencies ~10 kHz, we observe structural relaxation times on the order of seconds. This indicates a significant activation energy against the re-establishment of the passages characterizing the convoluted sponge structure."
346	"Kluthe C"	1	"Acta Materialia"	"2004"	"52 (9)"	"2701"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Segregation of hydrogen at internal Ag/MgO (metal/oxide)-interfaces as observed by small angle neutron scattering"	"Al-Kassa T"	"Barker J"	"Pyckhout-Hintzen W, Kirchheim R"	"Materials science"	"Hydrogen in metals"	"The chemical composition of metal/oxide (M/O)-interfaces was studied for an internally oxidized Ag–1at.%Mg-alloy with small MgO nanoprecipitates in a dilute Ag matrix. This composition was varied by exposing the sample to oxygen (p(O2) = 2 × 104 Pa), hydrogen (p(H2) = 105 Pa) or vacuum (p<10-4 Pa). By means of small angle neutron scattering (SANS) we were able to show that hydrogen segregates at the internal Ag/MgO-interfaces. The average hydrogen occupancy at the Ag/MgO-phase boundary can be determined to be TH=(7.1±0.5)×1014 H/cm2. In addition it could be shown that for each segregated hydrogen atom one Ag atom is displaced from the M/O-interface. The amount of hydrogen at the interfaces is in agreement with a model of structural vacancies at densely packed interface planes. To the best of our knowledge these are the first SANS-measurements that provide information about the segregation of hydrogen and deuterium at internal interfaces."
349	"Tian J"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (26)"	"10001"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Physically Cross-Linked Alkylacrylamide Hydrogels: A SANS Analysis of the Microstructure"	"Seery TAP"	"Ho DL"	"Weiss RA"	"Polymers"	"Hydrogels"	"No available"
350	"Ding J"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (21)"	"9262"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Diffraction Techniques for Nonlamellar Phases of Phospholipids"	"Liu W"	"Glinka CJ"	"Worcester DL, Yang L, Huang HW"	"Biology"	"Phospholipids"	
351	"Chen SH"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (20)"	"8909"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Aging of Poly(2-methoxy-5-(2'ethoxyloxy)-1,4-phenylenevinylene)/Toluene Solutions and Subsequent Effects on Luminescence Behavior in Cast Films"	"Su AC"	"Chang CS"	"Chen HL, Ho DL, Tsao CS, Peng KY, Chen SA"	"Polymers"	"Polymer solutions"	
352	"Singh M"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (23)"	"9931"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structural Evolution in Cationic Micelles upon Incorporation of a Polar Organic Dopant"	"Ford C"	"Agarwal V"	"Fritz G, Bose A, Hohn VT, McPherson GL"	"Complex fluids"	"Micelles"	
353	"Gerber M"	1	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (20)"	"8510"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Characterization of Rodlike Aggregates Generated from a Cationic Surfactant and a Polymerizable Counterion"	"Kline SR"	"Walker LM"		"Complex fluids"	"Polymerizable counterions"	
355	"Xu T"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (7)"	"2625"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Electric Field Alignment of Symmetric Diblock Copolymer Thin Films"	"Zhu Y"	"Gido SP"	"Russell TP"	"Polymers"	"Films"	
356	"Jones RL"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (18)"	"6676"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Phase Behavior of Ultrathin Polymer Mixtures"	"Indrakanti A"	"Briber RM"	"Muller M, Kumar SK"	"Polymers"	"Films"	
357	"Fedeyko JM"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2004"	"108 (33)"	"12271"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Spontaneous Formation of Silica Nanoparticles in Basic Solutions of Small Tetraalkylammonium Cations"	"Rimer JD"	"Lobo RF"	"Vlacjos DG"	"Materials science"	"Silica"	
358	"Stancik CM"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (21)"	"8975"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A Neutron Scattering Study of the Structure and Water Partitioning of Selectively Deuterated Copolymer Micelles"	"Lavoie AR"	"Acurra PA"	"Waymouth RM, Gast AP"	"Complex fluids"	"Copolymer micelles"	
359	"Yoonessi M"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (7)"	"2511"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Preparation, Characterization and Properties of Exfoliated/Delaminated Organically Modified Clay/Dicyclopentadiene Resin Nanocomposites"	"Toghiani H"	"Kingery WL"	"Pittman CU"	"Materials science"	"composites"	
360	"Davidock DA"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (2)"	"397"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Mapping Large Regions of Diblock Copolymer Phase Space by Selective Chemical Modification"	"Hillmyer MA"	"Lodge TP"		"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	
361	"Moeser GD"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (13)"	"5223"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of Polymer-Stabilized Magnetic Fluids: Small-Angle Neutron Scattering and Mean-Field Lattice Modeling"	"Green WH"	"Laibinis PE"	"Linse P, Hatton TA"	"Complex fluids"	"Pluronics"	"Small-angle neutron scattering and mean-field lattice modeling were used to characterize a class of water-based magnetic fluids tailored specifically to extract soluble organic compounds from water. The fluids consist of a suspension of ~7 nm magnetite (Fe3O4) nanoparticles coated with a bifunctional polymer layer comprised of an outer hydrophilic poly(ethylene oxide) (PEO) region for colloidal stability and an inner hydrophobic poly(propylene oxide) (PPO) region for solubilization of organic compounds. The inner region of the polymer shell is increasingly depleted of water as the fraction of PPO side chains increases. The incorporation of PPO side chains also leads to a small increase in interparticle attraction. The lattice model predicted a shell structure similar to that of a PEO-PPO-PEO triblock copolymer (Pluronic) micelle, with equivalent levels of hydration but with more PEO present in the PPO-rich regions, as the side chains grafted to the surface are less able to segregate than when in free micellar systems."
362	"Gonzales YI"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (17)"	"7053"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneous vesicle formation and phase behavior in mixtures of an anionic surfactant with imidazoline compounds"	"Stjerndahl M"	"Danino D"	"Kaler EW"	"Complex fluids"	"Surfactants"	
364	"Lee JS"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (26)"	"10199"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of butadiene end-capping of arms in a star polystyrene on solution properties, bulk dynamics and bulk thermodynamic interactions in binary blends"	"Quirk RP"	"Foster MD"		"Polymers"	"Star polymers"	
365	"Lin TL"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2004"	"108"	"14884"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of arm length on the aggregation structure of fullerene-based star ionomers"	"Jeng U"	"Tsao CS"	"Liu WJ, Canteenwala T, Chiang LY"	"Polymers"	"Ionomers"	
366	"Nieh M-P"	0	"Langmuir"	"2004"	"20 (21)"	"9061"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of the hydrophilic size on the structural phases of aqueous nonionic gemini surfactant solutions"	"Kumar SK"	"Fernando RH"	"Colby RH, Katsaras J"	"Complex fluids"	"Surfactants"	
367	"Ryu DY"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"37 (16)"	"5851"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Complex phase behavior of a weakly interacting binary blend"	"Lee DH"	"Jang J"	"Kim JK, Lavery K, Russell ."	"Polymers"	"Phase diagram"	
368	"Tande BM"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2004"	"36 (12)"	"4619"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOTCHRNS"	"Influence of end groups on dendrimer rheology and conformation"	"Wanger NJ"	"Kim YH"		"Complex fluids"	"Rheology"	
369	"Sung L-P"	1	"Polymer"	"2004"	"45 (19)"	"6639"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of microstructure of fluorinated acrylic coatings on UV degradation testing"	"Vicini S"	"Ho DL"	"Hedhlim L, Olmstead C, Wood KA"	"Materials science"	"Acrylic coatings"	
370	"Yang S"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2002"	"14 (1)"	"369"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Nanoporous ultralow dielectric constant organisilicates templated by triblock copolymers"	"Mirau PA"	"Pai CS"	"Nalamasu O, Reichmanis E, Pai JC, Obeng YS, Seputro J, Lin EK, Lee HJ, Sun J, Gidley DW"	"Polymers"	"Copolymers"	
371	"Yurekli K"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2002"	"35 (10)"	"4075"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Dynamics of block copolymer micelles"	"Krishnamoorti R"			"Complex fluids"	"Coplymer micelles"	
372	"Ijiri Y"	1	"Applied Physics Letters"	"2005"	"86 (24)"	"243102"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Detection of spin coupling in iron nanoparticles with small angle
neutron scattering"	"Kelly CV"	"Borchers JA"	"Rhyne JJ, Farrell DF, Majetich SA
Ijiri, Y., Kelly, C.V., Borchers, J.A. , Rhyne, J.J., Farrell,  D.F., Majetich, S.A."			
373	"Fedeyko JM"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (11)"	"5197"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Formation and structure of self-assembled silica nanoparticles in basic solutions of organic and inorganic cations"	"Vlachos DG"	"Lobo RF"		"Materials science"	"Nanoparticles"	
374	"Mason TG"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2005"	"71 (4)"	"040801"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Density profiles of temperature-sensitive microgel particles"	"Lin MY"			"Complex Fluids"	"Gels"	
375	"Lee CT"	0	"Biochemistry"	"2005"	"44 (2)"	"524"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Photocontrol of protein folding: The interaction of photosensitive surfactants with bovine serum albumin"	"Smith KA"	"Hatton TA"		"Biology"	"Protein folding"	
376	"Cook JC"	1	"Review of Scientific Instruments"	"2005"	"76 (2)"	"025108"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Performance of the vertical optical filter for the NG-3 30 m SANS instrument at the National Institute of Standards and Technology's Center for Neutron Research"	"Glinka CJ"	"Schroder IG"		"Instrumentation"	"Optical Filters"	
377	"Hammouda B"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (5)"	"2019"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Clustering and Solvation in Poly(acrylic acid) Polyelectrolyte Solutions"	"Horkay F"	"Becker ML"		"Polymers"	"End Effects"	
378	"Silverstein MS"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (10)"	"4301"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Nanopore Formation in a Polyphenylene Low-k Dielectric"	"Shach-Caplan M"	"Bauer BJ"	"Hedden RC, Lee H-J, Landes BG"			
379	"Hubbard F"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (14)"	"6131"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-Angle Neutron Scattering from Mixtures of Sodium Dodecyl Sulfate and a Cationic, Bolaform Surfactant Containing Azobenzene"	"Santonicola G"	"Kaler EW"	"Abbott NL"			
380	"George M"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (22)"	"9970"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Gelation of Perfluorinated Liquids by N-Alkyl Perfluoroalkanamides"	"Snyder SL"	"Terech P"	"Weiss RG"			
381	"Loizou E"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (6)"	"2047"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Large Scale Structures in Nanocomposite Hydrogels"	"Butler P"	"Porcar L"	"Kesselman E, Talmon Y, Dundigalla A, Schmidt G"			
382	"Yoonessi M"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (3)"	"818"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Clay delamination in clay/poly(dicyclopentadiene) nanocomposites quantified by small angle neutron scattering and high-resolution transmission electron microscopy"	"Toghiani H"	"Daulton TL"	"Lin J-S, Pittman CJ"			
383	"Egres RG"	0	"Journal of Rheology"	"2005"	"49 (3)"	"719"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The rheology and microstructure of acicular precipitated calcium carbonate colloidal suspensions through the shear thickening transition"	"Wagner NJ"					
384	"Xu B"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (20)"	"10261"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"NMR and SANS studies of aggregation and microemulsion formation by phosphorus fluorosurfactants in liquid and supercritical carbon dioxide"	"Lynn GW"	"Guo J"	"Melnichenko YB, Wignall GD, McClain JB, DeSimone JM, and  Johnson, Jr. CS"			
386	"Nieh M-P"	0	"Biocolloids: American Chemical Society Meeting"	"2005"	"219"	"135"	0			"Structural phase behavior of high-concentration, alignable biomimetic bicelle mixtures"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Glinka CJ"	"et al."			
387	"Yue BH"	1	"Macomolecular Symposium"	"2005"	"219"	"123"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneously forming unilamellar phospholipid vesicles"	"Huang C-Y"	"Nieh M-P"	"et al."			
388	"Vogt BD"	1	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2005"	"17 (6)"	"1398"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization of ordered mesoporous silica films using small-angle neutron scattering and X-ray porosimetry"	"Pai RA"	"Lee HJ"	"Hedden RC, Soles CL, Wu W-L, Lin EK, Bauer BJ, Watkins JJ"			
390	"Lee JH"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (1)"	"26"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Vesicle-biopolymer gels: Networks of surfactant vesicles connected by associating biopolymers"	"Gustin JP"	"Chen TH"	"Payne GF, Raghavan SR"			
391	"Yue BH"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (1)"	"609"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Highly stable phospholipid unilamellar vesicles from spontaneous vesiculation: A DLS and SANS study"	"Huang C-Y"	"Nieh M-P"	"Glinka CJ, Katsaras J"			
392	"Gonzales YI"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (23)"	"11675"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Influence of pH on the Micelle-to-Vesicle Transition in Aqueous Mixtures of Sodium Dodecyl Benzenesulfonate with Histidine"	"Nakanishi H"	"Stjerndahl M"	"Kaler E.W"			
393	"Lettow JS"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (13)"	"5738"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-Angle Neutron Scattering and Theoretical Investigation of Poly(ethylene oxide)-Poly(propylene oxide)-Poly(ethylene oxide) Stabilized Oil-in-Water Microemulsions"	"Lancaster TM"	"Glinka CJ"	"Ying JY"			
394	"Sirota EB"	0	"Energy & Fuels"	"2005"	"19 (5)"	"1290"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Physical Structure of Asphaltenes"						
395	"Park MJ"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (6)"	"2449"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Order-Disorder Transition and Critical Micelle Temperature in Concentrated Block Copolymer Solutions"	"Char K"	"Bang J"	"Lodge TP"			
396	"Hamilton WA"	1	"Physica B"	"2005"	"357 (1-2)"	"88"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Using neutron reflectometry and reflection geometry 'near-surface\" SANS to investigate surfactant micelle organization at a solid-solution interface"	"Porcar L"	"Magid LJ"				
397	"Lelong G"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2005"	"122 (16)"	"164504"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Molecular dynamics of confined glucose solutions"	"Price DL"	"Douy A"	"Kline S, Brady JW, Saboungi M-L"			
398	"McElhanon JR"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (8)"	"3259"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Thermally cleavable surfactants based on furan-maleimide Diels-Alder adducts"	"Zifer T"	"Kline SR"	"Wheeler DR, Loy DA, Jamison GM, Long TM, Rahimian K, Simmons BA"			
399	"Pencer J"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2005"	"88 (1s)"	"76a"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Detection of submicron-sized domains or so-called \"rafts\" in membranes by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Krueger S"	"Epand R"	"et al."			
400	"Zhou J"	0	"Biophysical Journal"	"2005"	"88 (1s)"	"513a"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Theoretical prediction of SANS profiles of nucleic acids in solution from MD simulations"	"Krueger S"	"Gregurick SK"				
401	"Jeng US"	1	"Physica B"	"2005"	"357 (1-2)"	"193"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dispersion of fullerenes in phospholipid bilayers and the subsequent phase changes in the host bilayers"	"Hsu Ch"	"Lin TL"	"Wu C-M, Chen H-L, Tai L-A, Hwang K-C"			
405	"Zhou J"	1	"Computer Physics Communications"	"2005"	"170 (2)"	"186"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"LORES: Low resolution shape program for the calculation of small angle scattering profiles for biological macromolecules in solution  • ARTICLE"	"Deyhim A"	"Krueger S"	"Gregurick SK"			
407	"Horkay F"	0	"Polymer"	"2005"	"46 (12)"	"4242"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structural investigations of a neutralized polyelectrolyte gel and an associating neutral hydrogel  • ARTICLE"	"Basser PJ"	"Hecht A-M"	"Geissler E"			
408	"Lin-Gibson S"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (7)"	"2897"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure-Property Relationships of Photopolymerizable Poly(ethylene glycol) Dimethacrylate Hydrogels"	"Jones RL"	"Washburn NR"	"Horkay F"			
409	"Fitzgerald PA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (16)"	"7121"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Micellar Structure in Gemini Nonionic Surfactants from Small-Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Davey TW"	"Warr GG"				
410	"Kalur GC"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (18)"	"8599"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Anionic Wormlike Micellar Fluids that Display Cloud Points: Rheology and Phase Behavior"	"Raghavan SR"					
411	"Liu SY"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (6)"	"2482"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polymerization of Wormlike Micelles Induced by Hydrotropic Salt"	"Gonzalez YI"	"Danino D"	"Kaler EW"			
412	"Xu T"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (7)"	"2802"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Interfacial Interaction Dependence of Microdomain Orientation in Diblock Copolymer Thin Films"	"Hawker CJ"	"Russell TP"				
413	"Nieh M-P"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (15)"	"6656"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneously Formed Unilamellar Vesicles with Path-Dependent Size Distribution"	"Raghunathan VA"	"Kline SR"	"Harroun TA, Huang C-Y, Pencer J, Katsaras J"			
414	"Harroun TA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (12)"	"5356"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Comprehensive Examination of Mesophases Formed by DMPC and DHPC Mixtures"	"Koslowsky M"	"Nieh M-P"	"de Lannoy C-F, Raghunathan VA, Katsaras J"			
415	"Rimer JD"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (26)"	"12762"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Evolution of Self-Assembled Silica-Tetrapropylammonium Nanoparticles at Elevated Temperatures"	"Vlachos DG"	"Lobo RF"				
416	"Kim M-H"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2005"	"38 (5)"	"734"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Application of In-Situ Vapor Sorption Small Angle Neutron Scattering (SANS)
to Semi-Crystalline Polymers: Vapor Pathway and Structure Evolution in
Semi-crystalline Linear Polyethylene"	"Glinka CJ"		"Kim, M.-H., Glinka, C.J."			
417	"Porcar L"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2005"	"95 (7)"	"078302"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear-Induced Collapse of in a Lyotropic Lamellar Phase"	"Hamilton WA"	"Warr GG"	"Butler PD"			
418	"Pencer J"	1	"Biochim et Biophys. Acta"	"2005"	"1720"	"84"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Bilayer thickness and thermal response of dimyristoylphosphatidylcholine unimellar vesicles containing cholesterol, ergesterol and lanosterol: A small-angle neutron scattering study"	"Nieh M-P"	"Harroun T"	"Krueger S, Adams C, Katsaras J"			
419	"Wang H"	1	"Chemical Physics Letters"	"2005"	"416 (1-3)"	"182"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Shear-SANS study of single-walled carbon nanotube suspensions"	"Christopherson GT"	"Xu ZY"	"Porcar L, Ho DL, Fry D, Hobbie EK"			
420	"Cipriano BH"	1	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2005"	"262 (1-3)"	"8"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Surface tension and contact angle measurements of a hexadecyl imidazolium surfactant adsorbed on a clay surface"	"Raghavan SR"	"McGuiggan PM"				
421	"Kostko AF"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (4)"	"19126"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Salt effects on the phase behavior, structure and rheology of chromatic liquid crystals"	"Cipriano BH"	"Pinchuk OA"	"Ziserman L, Anisimov MA, Danino D, Raghavan SR"			
422	"Vogt BD"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2005"	"109 (39)"	"18445"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Specular x-ray reflectivity and small angle neutron scattering for structure determination of ordered mesoporous dielectric films"	"Lee H-J"	"Wu W-L"	"Liu Y"			
423	"Pencer J"	1	"European Physical Journal, E
European Physics Journal, E: Soft Matter"	"2005"	"18 (4)"	"447"	0	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Detection of submicron-sized raft-like domains in membranes by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Mills T"	"Anghel V"	"Krueger S, Epand RM, Katsaras J"			
425	"Akcora P"	0	"Polymer"	"2005"	"46 (14)"	"5194"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural and magnetic characterization of norbornene-deuterated norbornene dicarboxylic acid diblock copolymers doped with iron oxide nanoparticles"	"Zhang X"	"Varughese B"	"Briber RM, Kofinas P"			
426	"Hamill AC"	0	"Biochemistry"	"2005"	"44 (46)"	"15139"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Probing lysozyme conformation with light reveals a new folding intermediate"	"Wang S-C"	"Lee CT"				
428	"Bhatia SR"	0	"Current Opinion in Colloid & Interface Science"	"2005"	"9 (6)"	"404"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Ultra-small-angle scattering studies of complex fluids"						
429	"Itakura T"	0	"Applied Clay Science"	"2005"	"29 (1)"	"1"	0	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"The nanoscale structural response of a natural kaolinitic clayey soil subjected to uniaxial compression"	"Bertram WK"	"Knott RB"				
430	"Zank J"	1	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"776"	1	"USANS and IGOR"	"CHRNS"	"Aggregation in a high internal phase emulsion observed by SANS and USANS"	"Reynolds PA"	"Jackson AJ"	"Baranyai KJ, Perriman AW, Barker JG, Kim M-H, White JW"			
431	"Kalur GC"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (24)"	"10998"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Viscosity Increase with temperature in cationic surfactant solutions due to the growth of wormlike micelles"	"Frounfelker BD"	"Cipriano BH"	"Norman AI, Raghavan SR"			
432	"Long TM"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (20)"	"9365"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Metathesis depolymerization of removable surfactant templates"	"Simmons BA"	"McElhanon JR"	"Kline SR, Wheeler DR, Loy DA, Rahimian K, Zifer T, Jamison GM"			
433	"Malardier-Jugroot C"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (22)"	"10179"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Novel self-assembly of amphiphilic copolymers into nanotubes: Characterization by small-angle neutron scattering"	"van de Ven TGM"	"Cosgrove T"	"Richardson RM, Whitehead MA"			
434	"Ramakrishnan S"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (22)"	"9917"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Clustering and mechanics in dense depletion and thermal gels"	"Gopalakrishnan V"	"Zukoski CF"				
435	"Santonicola GM"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (22)"	"9955"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Mixtures of n-octyl-beta-d-glucoside and triethylene glycol mono-n-octyl ether: Phase behavior and micellar structure near the liquid-liquid phase boundary"	"Kaler EW"					
436	"DiNoia TP"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (22)"	"9393"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Observation of polymer chain contraction near the overlap concentration"	"Park I-H"	"McHugh MA"	"van Zanten JH"			
437	"Geissler E"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2005"	"227"	"27"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Light, small angle neutron and x-ray scattering from gels"	"Hecht A-M"	"Rochas C"	"Horkay F, Basser PJ"			
438	"Pozzo DC"	0	"Macromolecular Symposia"	"2005"	"227"	"203"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Three-dimensional nanoparticle arrays templated by self-assembled block-copolymer gels"	"Walker LM"					
439	"Chrichton MA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (22)"	"10028"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Large-scale structure in gels of attractive block copolymer micelles"	"Bhatia SR"					
440	"Nixon BT"	1	"Biochemistry"	"2005"	"44 (42)"	"13962"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SAS solution structures of the apo and Mg2+/BeF3- bound receiver domain of DctD from Sinorhizobium meliloti"	"Yennawar HP"	"Doucleff M"	"Pelton JG, Wemmer DE, Krueger S, Kondrashkina E"			
442	"Norman AI"	1	"Journal of Colloid and Interface Science"	"2005"	"288 (1)"	"155"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Phase behavior of block co-poly(ethylene oxide-butylene oxide) E18B9 in water, by small angle neutron scattering"	"Ho DL"	"Karim A"	"Amis EJ"			
443	"Alessi ML"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (22)"	"9333"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Helical and coil conformations of poly(ethylene glycol) in isobutyric acid and water"	"Norman AI"	"Knowlton SE"	"Ho, DL, Greer SC"			
444	"Liu Y"	0	"Physical Review Letters"	"2005"	"95 (11)"	"118102"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effective long-range attraction between prrotien molecules in solutions studied by small angle neutron scattering"	"Fratini E"	"Baglioni P"	"Chen W-R, Chen S-H"			
445	"Hobbie EK"	1	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (23)"	"10284"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Colloidal particles coated and stabilized by DNA-wrapped carbon nanotubes"	"Bauer BJ"	"Stephens J"	"Becker ML, McGuiggan, Hudson SD, Wang H"			
447	"Zhou J"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2006"	"90 (2)"	"544"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Conformational Changes in Single-Strand DNA as a Function of Temperature by SANS"	"Gregurick SK"	"Krueger S"	"Schwarz FP"			
448	"Kuzmanovic DA"	1	"Journal of Molecular Biology"	"2006"	"355 (5)"	"1095"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The MS2 Coat Protein Shell is Likely Assembled Under Tension: A Novel Role for the MS2 Bacteriophage A Protein as Revealed by Small-angle Neutron Scattering"	"Elashvili I"	"Wick C"	"O’Connell C, Krueger S"			
449	"Kim M-H"	1	"Review of Scientific Instruments"	"2005"	"76(11)"	"113904"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"In-situ Vapor Sorption Apparatus for Small Angle Neutron Scattering (SANS) and Its Application"	"Glinka CJ"	"Carter R"				
450	"Norman AI"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (1)"	"62"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneous Formation of Vesicles of Diblock Copolymer EO6BO11 in Water: A SANS Study"	"Ho DL"	"Lee J-H"	"Karim A"			
451	"Krueger S"	1	"Misbehaving Proteins:Protein (Mis) Folding, Aggregation and Stability, Kluwer Academic, New York"	"2006"		"125"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering as a Probe for Protein Aggregation at Many Length Scales"	"Ho DL"	"Tsai A"				
452	"Ho DL"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2006"	"44"	"557"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Unusual Phase Behavior in Mixtures of Poly(ethylene oxide) and Ethyl Alcohol"	"Hammouda B"	"Kline SR"	"Chen W-R"			
453	"Chen Y"	1	"Physical Review B"	"2005"	"72 (18)"	"184401"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Slow Spin-Glass and Fast Spin-Liquid Components in Quasi-Two-Dimensional La2(Cu,Li)O4"	"Bao W"	"Qiu Y"	"Lorenzo JE, Sarrao JL, Ho DL, Lin MY"			
454	"Hackley VA"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2005"	"38 (5)"	"619"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure Development in Aerogel-Processed Nanocrystalline Alkaline-Earth Oxides as Revealed by SANS"	"Stoimenov PK"	"Ho DL"	"Sung L-P, Klabunde KJ"			
455	"Gu X"	0	"Journal of Coatings Technology"	"2005"	"2"	"547"	0	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microstructure and Morphology of Amine-Cured Epoxy Coatings Before and After Outdoor Exposures - An AFM Study"	"Nguyen T"	"Oudina M"	"Martin D, Kidah B, Jasmin J, Rezig A, Sung L-P, Byrd E, Martin JW, Ho DL, Jean YC"			
456	"Barker JG"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2005"	"38 (6)"	"1004"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Design and performance of a thermal-neutron double-crystal diffractometer for USANS at NIST"	"Glinka CJ"	"Moyer JJ"	"Kim M-H, Drews AR, Agamalian M"			
457	"Wilson KS"	1	"Journal of Biomedical Materials Research A"	"2007"	"81"	"113"	1	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Interphase Effects in Dental Nanocomposites Investigated by Small-Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Allen AJ"	"Washburn NR"	"Antonnucci JM"			
458	"Zhou J"	1	"Nucleic Acids Research"	"2005"	"33 (19)"	"6361"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A coarse graining approach to determine nucleic acid structures from small angle neutron scattering profiles in solution"	"Krueger S"	"Gregurick SK"				
459	"Graves S"	1	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2005"	"122 (13)"	"134703"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structure of Concentrated Nanoemulsions"	"Meleson K"	"Wilking J"	"Lin MY, Mason TG"			
461	"Wilking JN"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2006"	"96 (1)"	"015501"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dense Cluster Formation during Aggregation and Gelation of Attractive Slippery Nanoemulsion Droplets"	"Graves SM"	"Chang CB"	"Meleson K, Lin MY, Mason TG"			
462	"Dean KM"	1	"European Polymer Journal"	"2006"	"42 (10)"	"2872"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering and Dynamic Mechanical Thermal Analysis of Dimethacrylate/epoxy IPNs"	"Cook WD"	"Lin MY"				
463	"Pal D"	0	"Physical Review B"	"2006"	"73 (1)"	"012513"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Measuring the penetration depth anisotropy in MgB2 using small-angle neutron scattering"	"DeBeer-Schmitt L"	"Bera T"	"Cubitt R, Dewhurst DD, Jun J, Zhigadlo ND, Karpinski J, Kogan VG, Eskildsen MR"			
464	"Eitouni HB"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"Submitted"		0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Electrochemically Controlled Self-Assembly of an Organometallic Block Copolymer"	"Balsara NP"					
465	"Yehtiraj M"	1	"Physical Review B"	"2005"	"72 (6)"	"060504"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Temperature and field dependance on flux-line-lattice symmetry in V3Si"	"Christen DK"	"Gapud AA"	"Paul DMcK, Crowe SJ, Dewhurst CD, Cubitt R, Porcar L, Gurevich A"			
466	"Mildner DFR"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2005"	"38 (6)"	"979"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A refractive focusing lens system for small-angle neutron scattering"	"Hammouda B"	"Kline SR"				
467	"Castro-Roman F"	0	"European Physical Journal"	"2005"	"18 (3)"	"259"	0			"Quantitative analysis of lyotropic lamellar phases SANS patterns in powder oriented samples"	"Porcar L"	"Porte G"	"Porte G, Ligour, C"			
468	"Cramer JT"	1	"Applied Physics Letters"	"2005"	"87 (16)"	"161913"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Imaging hydrogenous materials with a neutron microscope"	"Piestrup MA"	"Park H"	"Gary CK, Pantell RH, Glinka CJ, Barker JG"			
469	"Bitton R"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (25)"	"11888"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly of Model DNA-Binding Peptide Amphiphiles"	"Schmidt J"	"Biesalski M"	"Tu R, Tirrell M, Bianco-Peled H"			
470	"Liang K"	0	"Chemistry of Materials"	"2006"	"18 (2)"	"301"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Cyanate Ester/Polyhedral Oligomeric Silsesquioxane (POSS) Nanocomposites: Synthesis and Characterization"	"Li G"	"Toghiani H"	"Koo JH, Pittman CU"			
471	"Yun SI"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (2)"	"897"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Solution Properties of 1,3-Cyclohexadiene Polymers by Laser Light Scattering and Small-Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Terao K"	"Hong K"	"Melnichenko YB, Wignall GD, Britt PF, Mays JW"			
472	"Owen T"	0	"Langmuir"	"2005"	"21 (26)"	"12109"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Micelle-to-Vesicle Transition of an Iron-Chelating Microbial Surfactant, Marinobactin E"	"Pynn R"	"Martinex JS"	"Butler A"			
473	"Zhu Z"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (3)"	"949"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Polymerization of Anionic Wormlike Micelles"	"Gonzalez YI"	"Xu H"	"Kaler EW, Liu S"			
474	"Rubatat L"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (2)"	"720"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural Study of Proton-Conducting Fluorous Block Copolymer Membranes"	"Shi Z"	"Diat O"	"Holdcraft S, Frisken BJ"			
475	"Xu T"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2005"	"38 (26)"	"10788"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Electric Field Alignment of Asymmetric Diblock Copolymer Thin Films"	"Zvelindovsky AV"	"Sevink GJA"	"Lyakhova KS, Jinnai H, Russell TP"			
477	"Wu L"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (1)"	"294"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS Determination of Chain Conformation in Perpendicular-Aligned Undecablock Copolymer Lamellae"	"Lodge TP"	"Bates FS"				
478	"Garvey CJ"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (2)"	"877"	0	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"USANS study of wood structure"	"Knott RB"	"Searson M"	"Conroy JP"			
479	"Connolly J"	1	"Journal of Petroleum Science and Engineering"	"2006"	"53 (3-4)"	"171"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Comparison of the Structure on the Nanoscale of Natural Oil-bearing and Synthetic Rock"	"Bertram W"	"Barker J"	"Buckley C, Edwards T, Knott R"			
480	"Wysouzil BE"	0	"Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics"	"2006"	"8 (1)"	"54"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Experimental evidence for internal structure in aqueous–organic nanodroplets"	"Wilemski G"	"Strey R"	"Heath CH, Dieregsweiler U"			
481	"Lee JS"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (15)"	"5113"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of Branch Points and Chain Ends on the Thermodynamics Interaction Parameter in Binary Blends of Regularly-Branched and Linear Polymers"	"Foster MD"	"Wu DT"				
482	"Shang T"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (4)"	"1436"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly of a Nonionic Photoresponsive Surfactant under Varying Irradiation Conditions: A Small-Angle Neutron Scattering and Cryo-TEM Study"	"Smith KA"	"Hatton TA"				
483	"Ruegg M"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (3)"	"1125"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Microphase and Macrophase Separation in Multicomponent A/B/A-C Polymer Blends with Attractive and Repulsive Interactions"	"Reynolds BJ"	"Lin MY"	"Lohse DJ, Balsara NP"			
485	"Norman AI"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2005"	"123 (15)"	"154904"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The polymerization of actin: structural changes from small-angle neutron scattering"	"Ivkov R"	"Forbes JG"	"Greer SC"			
486	"Krishnamurthy L-N"	0	"Journal of Rheology"	"2005"	"49 (2)"	"475"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Influence of Weak Attractive Forces on the Microstructure and Rheology of Colloidal Dispersions"	"Wagner NJ"					
487	"Fry D"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2005"	"95 (3)"	"038304"	0	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Anisotropy of Sheared Carbon Nanotube Suspensions"	"Langhorst B"	"Kim H"	"Grulke E, Wang H, Hobbie EK"			
488	"Loizou E"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (4)"	"1614"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dynamic Responses in Nanocomposite Hydrogels"	"Butler P"	"Porcar L"	"Schmidt G"			
489	"Fedeyko JM"	0	"Microporous and Mesoporous Materials"	"2006"	"90 (1-3)"	"102"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Understanding the differences between microporous and mesoporous synthesis through the phase behavior of silica"	"Vlachos DA"	"Lobo RF"				
490	"Hough LA"	1	"Nano Letters"	"2006"	"6 (2)"	"313"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure of Semidilute Single-Wall Carbon Nanotube Suspensions and Gels"	"Islam MF"	"Hammouda B"	"Yodh AG, Heiney PA"			
491	"Zhou N"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (9)"	"3979"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Influence of Conformational Asymmetry on the Phase Behavior of Ternary Homopolymer/Block Copolymer Blends around the Bicontinuous Microemulsion Channel"	"Lodge TP"	"Bates FS"				
492	"Kim TH"	1	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (6)"	"2844"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polymerized Rodlike Nanoparticles with Controlled Surface Charge Density"	"Choi S-M"	"Kline SR"				
494	"Stefanescu EA"	1	"Physical Chemistry Chemical Physics"	"2006"	"8 (14)"	"1738"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Supramolecular structures in nanocomposite multilayered films"	"Dundigalla A"	"Ferreiro V"	"Loizou E, Porcar L, Negulescu I, Garno J, Schmidt G"			
495	"Libertore MW"	1	"Physical Review E"	"2006"	"73 (2)"	"020504"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spatially Resolved small-angle neutron scattering in the 1-2 plane: A study of shear-induced phase-separating wormlike micelles"	"Nettesheim F"	"Wagner NJ"	"Porcar L"			
496	"Lee JH"	0	"Physical Review Letters"	"2006"	"96 (4)"	"048102"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Transition from Unilamellar to bilamellar Vesicles Induced by an Amphiphilic Biopolymer"	"Agarwal V"	"Bose Arijit"	"Payne GF, Raghavan SR"			
497	"Gawrys KL"	0	"Energy & Fuels"	"2006"	"20 (2)"	"705"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"On the Distribution of Chemical Properties and Aggregation of Solubility Fractions in Asphaltenes"	"Blankenship GA"	"Kilpatrick PK"				
498	"Silverstein MS"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (8)"	"2998"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS and XRR Porosimetry of a Polyphenylene Low-k Dielectric"	"Bauer BJ"	"Hedden RC"	"Lee H-J, Landes BG"			
499	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (7)"	"2637"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small-Angle Neutron Scattering from Labeled Single-Wall Carbon Nanotubes"	"Hobbie EK"	"Becker ML"				
500	"Kim M-H"	1	"Microporous and Mesoporous Materials"	"2006"	"91 (1-3)"	"305"	1	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Ultra small angle neutron scattering term study of the nanometer to micrometer structure of porous Vycor"	"Glinka CJ"					
501	"Yun SI"	0	"Polymer"	"2006"	"47 (8)"	"2750"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Dilute-solution structure of charged arborescent graft polymer"	"Briber RM"	"Kee RA"	"Gauthier M"			
502	"Farrell DF"	1	"Journal of Magnetism and Magnetic Materials"	"2006"	"303 (2)"	"318"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering study of disordered and crystalline iron nanoparticle assemblies"	"Ijiri Y"	"Kelly CV"	"Borchers JA, Rhyne JJ, Ding Y, Majetich SA"			
504	"Bhattacharrya B"	1	"Nano Letters"	"2007"	"Submitted"		0			"A Novel Route for Elaboration of Mesoporous Silica"	"Kline S"	"Cacciaguera T"	"Gonzalez M, Saboungi M-L"			
505	"Thomas SW"	1	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2005"	"127"	"17976"	0			"Perpendicular Organization of Macromolecules: Synthesis and Alignment Studies of a Soluble Poly(iptycene)"	"Long TM"	"Pate BD"	"Kline SR, Thomas EL, Swager TM"			
506	"Tung S-H"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2006"	"128 (7)"	"5751"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A New Reverse Wormlike Micellar System: Mixtures of Bile Salt and Lecithin in Organic Liquids"	"Huang Y-E"	"Raghavan SR"				
507	"Rodgers LE"	0	"Journal of Sol-Gel Science and Technology"	"2005"	"33 (1)"	"65"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of Sol-Gel Encapsulation on Lipase Structure and Function: A Small Angle Neutron Scattering Study"	"Hold PJ"	"Knott RB"	"Finnie KS, Bartlett JR, Foster LJR"			
508	"Pencer J"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2006"	"39 (3)"	"293"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Method of separated form factors for polydisperse vesicles"	"Krueger S"	"Adams CP"	"Katsaras J"			
509	"Glade SC"	0	"Journal of Nuclear Methods"	"2006"	"351 (1-3)"	"197"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Positron annihilation spectroscopy and small angle neutron scattering characterization of nanostructural features in high-nickel model reactor pressure vessel steels"	"Wirth BD"	"Odette GR"	"Asoka-Kumar P"			
511	"Sen S"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2007"	"98 (12)"	"128302"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Chain Conformations and Bound Layer Correlations in Polymer Nanocomposites"	"Xie Y"	"Kumar SK"	"Yang H, Bansal A, Ho DL, Hall L, Hooper JB, Schweizer KS"			
512	"Chen W-R"	1	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (15)"	"6539"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Incorporating Intermicellar Interactions in the Fitting of SANS Data from CationicWormlike Micelles"	"Butler PD"	"Magid LJ"				
513	"Gerber MJ"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (3)"	"941"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Controlling Dimensions of Polymerized Micelles: Micelle Template versus Reaction Conditions"	"Walker LM"					
514	"Davies TS"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2006"	"128 (20)"	"6669"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly of Surfactant Vesicles that Transform into Viscoelastic Wormlike Micelles upon Heating"	"Ketner AM"	"Raghavan SR"				
515	"Mason TG"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (44)"	"22097"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effective Structure Factor of Osmotically Deformed Nanoemulsions"	"Graves SM"	"Wilking JN"	"Lin MY"			
516	"Kulkarni A"	1	"Materials Science and Engineering: A"	"2006"	"426 (1-2)"	"43"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Advanced neutron and X-ray techniques for insights into the microstructure of EB-PVD thermal barrier coatings"	"Goland A"	"Herman H"	"Allen AJ, Dobbins T, DeCarlo F, Ilavsky J, Long GG, Fang S, Lawton P"			
517	"Matos MA"	0	"Journal of Colloidal and Interfacial Science"	"2006"	"300 (1)"	"429"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Electroosmotically enhanced mass transfer through polyacrylamide gels"	"White LR"	"Tilton RD"				
518	"Wang H"	0	"Polymer"	"2006"	"47 (14)"	"4897"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS study of the early stages of crystallization in polyethylene solutions"						
520	"Jennings HM"	0	"Cement and Concrete Research"	"2007"	"37 (3)"	"329"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A multi-technique investigation of the nanoporosity of cement paste"	"Thomas JT"	"Gevrenov JS"	"Constantinides G"	"Ulm F-J"		
521	"Lee D"	0	"Molecular Cell"	"2006"	"22 (3)"	"423"	0			"RAP Uses a Histidine Switch to Regulate Its Interaction with LRP in the ER and Golgi"						
522	"Wang H"	0	"Applied Physics Letters"	"2006"	"88 (21)"	"213111"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Order in vertically aligned carbon nanotube arrays"	"Xu Z"	"Eres G"				
523	"Mason PE"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (27)"	"13477"	1	"NG3SANS and IGOR"	"CHRNS"	"Nanometer-Scale Ion Aggregates in Aqueous Electrolyte Solutions: Guanidinium Carbonate"	"Neilson GW"	"Kline SR"	"Dempsey CE, Brady JW"			
524	"Kim M-H"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (14)"	"4775"	1	"NG3SANS, NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS Study of the Effects of Water Vapor Sorption on the Nanoscale Structure of Perfluorinated Sulfonic Acid (NAFION) Membranes"	"Glinka CJ"	"Grot SA"	"Grot WG"			
525	"Chrichton MA"	0	"Materials Research Society Symposium Proceedings"	"2005"	"840"	"Q7.11.1"	1	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"USANS as a Probe of Large-Scale Structure in Attractive Colloidal Glasses of Block Copolymer Micelles"	"Forbes NS"	"Bhatia SR"				
526	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Materials Research Society Symposium Proceedings"	"2006"	"922"	"0922-U09-01"	1	"NG1SANS and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Chromatographic Separation of Single Wall Carbon Nanotubes"	"Bajpai V"	"Fagan JA"	"Becker ML, Hobbie EK"			
527	"Loizou E"	1	"Materials Research Society Symposium Proceedings"	"2006"	"840"	"Q2.7.1"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dynamic Responses in Polymer-Clay Gels"	"Porcar L"	"Butler P"	"Malwitz M, Schmidt G"			
528	"Liu L"	0	"Chemistry Communications"	"2005"	"36"	"4517"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"A simple extrusion method for the sythesis of aligned silica nanorwires using the template of a rigid surfactant mesophase"	"Tan G"	"Agarwal V"	"Bose A, He J, McPherson Gl, John VT"			
530	"Lee YS"	0	"Industrial and Engineering Chemistry Research"	"2006"	"45 (21)"	"7015"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Rheological Properties and Small-Angle Neutron Scattering of a Shear Thickening, Nanoparticle Dispersion at High Shear Rates"	"Wagner NJ"					
531	"Jeng US"	1	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (2)"	"865"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Contrast variation SANS for the solution structure of the ß-amyloid peptide 1–40 influenced by SDS surfactants"	"Lin T-L"	"Lim JM"	"Ho DL"			
532	"Hammouda B"	1	"Biophysical Journal"	"2006"	"91"	"2237"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Denaturation Transition of DNA in Mixed Solvents"	"Worcester D"					
534	"Rappl T"	0	"Journal of Chemical Physics"	"2005"	"122 (21)"	"214903"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Does coarsening begin during the initial stages of spinodal decomposition?"	"Balsara NP"					
535	"Ruegg M"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (4)"	"1207"	1	"IGOR and NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Minimizing the Concentration of Diblock Copolymer Needed to Organize Blends of Immiscible Polymers by Tuning Attractive and Repulsive Interactions"	"Reynolds BJ"	"Lin MY"	"Lohse DJ, Balsara NP"			
536	"George M"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (18)"	"7885"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Organogels with Fe(III) Complexes of Phosphorus-Containing Amphiphiles as Two-Component Isothermal Gelators"	"Funkhouser GP"	"Terech P"	"Weiss RG"			
537	"Burford RP"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"766"	1	"NG1SANS and IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Real-time SANS study of interpenetrating polymer network (IPN) formation"	"Markotsis MG"	"Knott RB"				
538	"Healy J"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"620"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Residual orientation in injection micro-molded samples"	"Edward GH"	"Knott RB"				
539	"Foster LJR"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"770"	1	"NG1SANS and NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Polyhydroxyalkanoate-based natural–synthetic hybrid copolymer films: A small-angle neutron scattering study"	"Knott RB"	"Sanguanchaipaiwong V"	"Holden PJ"			
540	"Sun Y-S"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"650"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Complementary SAXS and SANS for structural characteristics of a polyurethethane elastomer of low hard-segment content"	"Jeng U-S"	"Huang Y-S"	"Liang KS, Lin T-L, Tsao C-S"			
541	"Lee JH"	0	"Journal of Materials Chemistry"	"2006"	"16 (27)"	"2785"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Magnetic uniaxial alignment of the columnar superstructure of discotic metallomesogens over the centimetre length scale"	"Choi S-M"	"Pate BD"	"Chisholm MH, Han Y-S"			
542	"Davis TM"	0	"Nature Materials"	"2006"	"5"	"400"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Mechanistic principles of nanoparticle evolution to zeolite crystals"	"Drews TO"	"Ramanan H"	"He C, Dong J, Schnablegger H, Katsoulakis MA, Kokkoli E, McCormick AV, Penn RL, Tsapatsis M"			
543	"Kang S"	1	"Journal of Applied Physics"	"2006"	"99 (8)"	"08N704"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Sintering behavior of spin-coated FePt and FePtAu nanoparticles"	"Jia Z"	"Zoto I"	"Reed D, Nikles DE, Harrell JW, Thompson G, Mankey G, Krishnamurthy VV, Porcar L"			
544	"Pozzo DC"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2007"	"294 (1-3)"	"117"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering of silica nanoparticles templated in PEO-PPO-PEO cubic crystals"	"Walker LM"					
545	"Loizou E"	1	"Macromolecular Bioscience"	"2006"	"6 (9)"	"711"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Structural Effects of Crosslinking a Biopolymer Hydrogel Derived from Marine Mussel Adhesive Protein"	"Weisser JT"	"Dundigalla A"	"Porcar L, Schmidt G, Wilker JJ"			
546	"Gnaeupel-Herold T"	1	"Material Science and Engineering A"	"2006"	"421 (1-2)"	"77"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Microstructure, mechanical properties, and adhesion in IN625 air plasma sprayed coatings"	"Prask HJ"	"Barker J"	"Biancaniello FS, Jiggetts RD, Matejicek J"			
547	"Dave H"	0	"Colloids & Surfaces A"	"2007"	"296 (1-3)"	"45"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Phase Behavior and SANS Investigations of Edible Sugar-Limonase Microemulsions"	"Gao F"	"Schultz M"	"Co CC"			
548	"Knott R"	1	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (2)"	"908"	1	"NG1SANS, NG7SANS and IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Preliminary SANS studies of the structure of nickel powders on the nanoscale"	"Lin MY"	"Hanley HJM"	"Muir D"			
549	"Paskevicius M"	0	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2006"	"39 (5)"	"676"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Analysis of polydisperse bubbles in the aluminium-hydrogen system using a size-dependent contrast"	"Buckley CE"					
551	"Kitchens CL"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (41)"	"20392"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Solvent Effects on AOT Reverse Micelles in Liquid and Compressed Alkanes Investigated by Neutron Spin-Echo Spectroscopy"	"Bossev DP"	"Roberts CB"				
552	"Fratini E"	0	"Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter"	"2006"	"18"	"S2467"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Hydration water and microstructure in calcium silicate and aluminum hydrates"	"Ridi F"	"Chen S-H"	"Baglioni P"			
553	"Gao J"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (23)"	"8060"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly of Latex Particles into Proton-Conductive Membranes"	"Yang Y"	"Lee D"	"Holdcroft S, Frisken BJ"			
554	"Sheu EY"	0	"Journal of Physics: Condensed Matter"	"2006"	"18"	"S2485"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle scattering and asphaltenes"						
555	"Li J"	1	"Macromolecular Rapid Communications"	"2006"	"27 (20)"	"1787"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of Temperature on Shear-Induced Anisotropic Structure in Polymer Clay Hydrogels"	"Jiang J"	"Li C"	"Lin MY, Schwarz SA, Rafailovich MH, Sokolov J"			
556	"Mehta R"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2006"	"39 (25)"	"8799"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering Studies on Miscible Blends of Poly(styrene-ran-vinyl phenol) with Liquid Crystalline Polyurethane"	"Dadmun MD"					
557	"Fagan JA"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2006"	"110 (47)"	"23801"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Comparative Measures of Single-Wall Carbon Nanotube Dispersion"	"Landi BJ"	"Mandelbaum I"	"Simpson JR, Bajpai V, Bauer BJ, Migler K, Hight Walker AR, Raffaelle R, Hobbie EK"			
558	"Nieh M-P"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (26)"	"11028"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Spontaneously Forming Ellipsoidal Phospholipid Unilamellar Vesicles and Their Interactions with Helical Domains of Saposin C"	"Pencer J"	"Katsaras J"	"Qi X"			
559	"Dee D"	1	"Biochemistry"	"2006"	"45 (47)"	"13982"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Comparison of Solution Structures and Stabilities of Native, Partially Unfolded and Partially Refolded Pepsin"	"Pencer J"	"Nieh M-P"	"Krueger S, Katsaras J, Yada RY"			
560	"Horkay F"	0	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2006"	"44 (24)"	"3679"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Similarities between polyelectrolyte gels and biopolymer solutions"	"Hecht A-M"	"Geissler E"				
562	"Li Y-C"	0	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (26)"	"11009"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Fractal Aggregates of Conjugated Polymer in Solution State"	"Chen K-B"	"Chen H-L"	"Hsu C-S, Tsao C-S, Chen J-H, Chen S-A"			
563	"Ridley MK"	1	"Langmuir"	"2006"	"22 (26)"	"10972"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Characterization and Surface-Reactivity of Nanocrystalline Anatase in Aqueous Solutions"	"Hackley VA"	"Machesky ML"				
564	"Hammouda B"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2006"	"44 (22)"	"3195"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Solvation Characteristics of a Model Water-Soluble Polymer"						
565	"Ruegg M"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (2)"	"355"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Effect of Pressure on a Multicomponent A/B/A-C Polymer Blend with Attractive and Repulsive Interactions"	"Reynolds BJ"	"Lin MY"	"Lohse DJ, Krishnamoorti R, Balsara NB"			
566	"Kucerka N"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (3)"	"1292"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Curvature Effect on the Structure of Phospholipid Bilayers"	"Pencer J"	"Sachs JN"	"Nagle JF, Katsaras J"			
567	"Datta SAK"	1	"Journal of Molecular Biology"	"2007"	"365 (3)"	"812"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Conformation of the HIV-1 Gag Protein in Solution"	"Curtis JE"	"Ratcliff W"	"Clark PK, Crist RM, Lebowitz J, Krueger S, Rein A"			
568	"Pande CS"	0	"Materials Science & Engineering A"	"2007"	"457 (1-2)"	"69"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Nucleation and Growth Kinetics in High Strength Low Carbon Ferrous Alloys"	"Imam MA"					
569	"Kline SR"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2006"	"39 (6)"	"895"	1	"NG1SANS, NG3SANS, NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Reduction and analysis of SANS and USANS data using IGOR
Pro"						
570	"Zhang F"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2007"	"111 (1)"	"251"	1	"IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Protein Interactions Studied by SAXS: Effect of Ionic Strength and Protein Concentration for BSA in Aqueous Solutions"	"Skoda MWA"	"Jacobs RMJ"	"Martin RA, Martin CM, Schreiber F"			
571	"Russell RA"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (2)"	"859"	1	"IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Investigation of the phase morphology of bacterial PHA inclusion bodies by contrast variation SANS"	"Holden PJ"	"Garvey CJ"	"Wilde KL, Hammerton KM, Foster LJ"			
572	"Jackson A"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (1)"	"818"	1	"IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle scattering from protein/sugar conjugates"	"White J"					
573	"Whitby CP"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (4)"	"1694"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"In Situ Determination of the Size and Polydispersity of Concentrated Emulsions"	"Djerdjev AM"	"Beattie JK"	"Warr GG"			
574	"Ketner AM"	0	"Journal of the American Chemical Society"	"2007"	"129 (6)"	"1553"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"A Simple Class of Photorheological Fluids: Surfactant Solutions with Viscosity Tunable by Light"	"Kumar R"	"Davies TS"	"Elder PW, Raghavan SR"			
575	"Patel AJ"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (5)"	"1675"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Observing Nucleation Close to the Binodal by Perturbing Metastable Polymer Blends"	"Balsara NP"					
576	"Verruto VJ"	0	"Energy & Fuels"	"2007"	"21 (3)"	"1217"	1	"NG3SANS,  NG7SANS and IGOR"	"CHRNS"	"Preferential Solvent Partitioning within Asphaltenic Aggregates Dissolved in Binary Solvent Mixtures"	"Kilpatrick PK"					
577	"Rimer JD"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (5)"	"2784"	1	"IGOR"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly and Phase Behavior of Germanium Oxide Nanoparticles in Basic Aqueous Solutions"	"Roth RD"	"Vlachos DG"	"Lobo RF"			
578	"Lee D"	1	"Journal of Molecular Biology"	"2007"	"367 (4)"	"1007"	1	"NG3SANS and NG7SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Structure of Free L11 and Functional Dynamics ofL11 in Free, L11-rRNA(58nt) Binary and L11-rRNA(58nt)-Thiostrepton Ternary Complexes"	"Walsh JD"	"Yu P"	"Markus MA, Choli-Papadopoulou T, Schwieters CD, Krueger S, Draper DE, Wang Y-X"			
579	"Whitten AE"	1	"Journal of Molecular Biology"	"2007"	"368 (2)"	"407"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"The Structure of the KinA-Sda Complex Suggests an Allosteric Mechanism for Histidine Kinase Inhibition"	"Jacques DA"	"Hammouda B"	"Hanley T, King GF, Guss JM, Trewhella J, Langley DB"			
580	"Kali G"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (6)"	"2192"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Synthesis and Characterization of Anionic Amphiphilic Model Conetworks Based on Methacrylic Acid and Methyl Methacrylate: Effects of Composition and Architecture"	"Georgiou TK"	"Ivan B"	"Patrickios CS, Loizou E, Thomann Y, Tiller JC"			
581	"Terech P"	0	"Tetrahedron"	"2007"	"63 (31)"	"7366"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Rheometry of an Androstanol Steroid Derivative Paramagnetic Organogel. Methodology for Comparison to a Fatty Acid Organogel."	"Friol S"					
582	"King HE"	0	"Physical Review E"	"2007"	"75 (02)"	"021403"	1	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Structure and Rheology of Organoclay Suspensions"	"Milner ST"	"Lin MY"	"Singh JP, Mason TG"			
583	"Norman AI"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (7)"	"2559"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Folding and Unfolding of Polymer Helices in Solution"	"Fei Y"	"Ho DL"	"Greer SC"			
584	"Hubbard FP"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (9)"	"4819"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effect of Light on Self-Assembly of Aqueous Mixtures of Sodium Dodecyl Sulfate and a Cationic, Bolaform Surfactant Containing Azobenzene"	"Abbott NL"					
585	"Agrawal SK"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (9)"	"5039"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Micro- to Nanoscale Structure of Biocompatible PLA-PEO-PLA Hydrogels"	"Sanabria-DeLong N"	"Jemian PR"	"Tew GN, Bhatia SR"			
586	"Hammouda B"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2007"	"40 (2)"	"250"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small-angle neutron scattering resolution with refractive optics"	"Mildner DFR"					
587	"Woodward RC"	0	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2007"	"40 (s1)"	"s495"	1	"NG3SANS and IGOR"	"CHRNS"	"A comparison of methods for the measurement of the particle-size distribution of magnetic nanoparticles"	"Heeris J"	"St. Pierre TG"	"Saunders M, Gilbert EP, Rutnakornpituk M, Zhang Q, Riffle JS"			
588	"Lee JH"	0	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2007"	"40 (s1)"	"s68"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Effects of side-chain length on the magnetic response of discotic metallomesogens"	"Kim H-S"	"Pate BD"	"Choi S-M"			
589	"Allen AJ"	1	"Nature Materials"	"2007"	"6 (4)"	"311"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Composition and density of nanoscale calcium–silicate–hydrate in cement"	"Thomas JJ"	"Jennings HM"				
590	"Plomp J"	1	"Nuclear Instruments and Measurements in Physics Research A"	"2007"	"574 (2)"	"324"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutron Refraction by Cylindrical Metal Wires"	"Barker JG"	"de Haan VO"	"Bouwman WG, van Well AA"			
591	"Francis TJ"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (6)"	"2515"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Scaling of Interdomain Spacing of Diblock Coploymers in a Selective Diluent"	"Vogt BD"	"Wang MX"	"Watkins JJ"			
592	"Triftaridou AI"	0	"Biomacromolecules"	"2007"	"8 (5)"	"1615"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Cationic Amphiphilic Model Networks Based on Symmetrical ABCBA Pentablock Terpolymers: Synthesis, Characterization, and Modeling"	"Vamvakaki M"	"Patrickios CS"				
593	"Triolo R"	1	"Nuovo Cimento C"	"2007"	"30 (1)"	"129"	0	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Fingerprinting white marbles of archaeometric interest by means of combined SANS and USANS"	"Lo Celso F"	"Benfante V"	"Gorgoni C, Barker J, Butler P, Ruffo I"			
594	"Kim T.-H."	1	"Advanced Materials"	"2007"	"19 (7)"	"929"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Water-Redispersible Isolated Single-Walled Carbon Nanotubes Fabricated by In Situ Polymerization of Micelles"	"Doe C"	"Kline SR"	"Choi S.-M."			
595	"Millon LE"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (10)"	"3655"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"SANS Characterization of an Anisotropic Poly(vinyl alcohol) Hydrogel with Vascular Applications"	"Nieh M-P"	"Hutter JL"	"Wan W"			
596	"Santonicola MG"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (10)"	"5358"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Self-Assembly of Medium-Chain Alkyl Monoglucosides in Ammonium Sulfate Solutions with Poly(ethylene glycol)"	"Yocum MA (II)"	"Lenhoff AM"	"Kaler EW"			
597	"Jiang J"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (11)"	"4016"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Shear-Induced Layered Structure of Polymeric Micelles by SANS"	"Burger C"	"Li C"	"Li J, Lin MY, Colby RH, Rafailovich MH, Sokolov JC"			
598	"Miao P"	0	"Journal of Nuclear Materials"	"2007"	"367-370 (2)"	"1197"	1	"NG1SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The Microstructure and Strength Properties of MA957 Nanostructured Ferritic
Alloy Joints Produced by Friction Stir and Electro-Spark Deposition Welding"	"Odette GR"	"Gould J"	"Bernath J, Miller R, Alinger M, Zanis C"			
599	"Chin J"	1	"Polymer Degradation and Stability"	"2007"	"92 (7)"	"1234"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Temperature and Humidity Aging of Poly(p-phenylene-2,6-
benzobisoxazole) Fibers: Chemical and Physical Characterization"	"Forster A"	"Clerici C"	"Sung L, Oudina M, Rice K"			
600	"Trewhella J"	0	"Physica B"	"2006"	"385-386 (2)"	"825"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Neutrons reveal how nature uses structural themes and variation in biological regulation"						
601	"Kim S"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (12)"	"6737"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Thermally Stable Antireflective Coatings Based on Nanoporous Organosilicate Thin Films"	"Cho J"	"Char K"				
602	"Anghel VNP"	0	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2007"	"40 (3)"	"513"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Scattering from laterally heterogeneous vesicles. II. The form factor"	"Kucerka N"	"Pencer J"	"Katsaras J"			
603	"Ferguson ML"	1	"FASEB Journal"	"2007"	"21"	"486.15"	0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Small angle neutron scattering studies of clathrin triskelia in solution show evidence of molecular flexibility"	"Prasad K"	"Boukari H"	"Sackett DL, Krueger S, Lafer EM, Nossal R"			
604	"Cheng G"	0	"Polymer"	"2007"	"48 (14)"	"4108"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Conformation of Oligo(ethylene glycol) Grafted Polystyrene in Dilute Aqueous Solutions"	"Melnichenko YB"	"Wignall GD"	"Hua F, Hong K, Mays JW"			
605	"Boukari H"	0	"Biopolymers"	"2007"	"86 (5-6)"	"424"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Single-walled tubulin ring polymers"	"Sackett DL"	"Schuck P"	"Nossal RJ"			
606	"Kuntz DM"	0	"Journal of Physical Chemistry B"	"2007"	"111 (23)"	"6417"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Solution Behavior of Rod-Like Polyelectrolyte-Surfactant Aggregates Polymerized from Wormlike Micelles"	"Walker LM"					
607	"Lodge TP"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (13)"	"4728"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"SANS Evidence for the Cross-Linking of Wormlike Micelles by a Model Hydrophobically Modified Polymer"	"Taribagil R"	"Yoshida T"	"Hillmyer MA"			
608	"Fagan JA"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2007"	"98 (14)"	"147402"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Dielectric Response of Aligned Semiconducting Single-Wall Nanotubes"	"Simpson JR"	"Landi BJ"	"Richter LJ, Mandelbaum I, Bajpai V, Ho DL, Raffaelle R, Hight Walker AR, Bauer BJ, Hobbie EK"			
609	"Mock EB"	0	"Journal of Rheology"	"2007"	"51 (3)"	"541"	1	"NG7SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Investigating microstructure of concentrated suspensions of anisotropic particles under shear by small angle neutron scattering"	"Zukoski CF"					
610	"Chen S-H"	1	"Journal of Applied Crystallography"	"2007"	"40 (s1)"	"s321"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"The two-Yukawa model and its applications: the cases of charged proteins and copolymer micellar solutions"	"Broccio M"	"Liu Y"	"Fratini E, Baglioni P"			
611	"Chatterjee T"	0	"Physical Review E"	"2007"	"75 (5)"	"050403"	1	"USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Dynamic consequences of the fractal network of nanotube-poly(ethylene oxide) nanocomposites"	"Krishnamoorti R"					
612	"Allen AJ"	1	"Cement and Concrete Research"	"2007"	"37 (3)"	"319"	1	"NG3SANS and USANS"	"CHRNS"	"Analysis of C–S–H gel and cement paste by small-angle neutron scattering"	"Thomas JT"					
613	"Hamill AC"	0	"Biochemistry"	"2007"	"46 (26)"	"7694"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Solution Structure of an Amyloid-Forming Protein During Photoinitiated Hexamer-Dodecamer Transitions Revealed through Small-Angle Neutron Scattering"	"Wang S-C"	"Lee CT"				
614	"Bauer BJ"	1	"Journal of Physical Chemistry C"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Measurement of Single-Wall Nanotube Dispersion by Size Exclusion Chromatography"	"Becker ML"	"Bajpai V"	"Fagan JA, Hobbie EK, Migler K, Guttman CM, Blair WR"			
615	"Durkee DA"	0	"Macromolecues"	"2007"	"40 (14)"	"5103"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Microstructure and Solvent Distribution in Cross-Linked Diblock Copolymer Gels"	"Gomez ED"	"Ellsworth MW"	"Bell AT, Balsara NP"			
617	"Ganeva DE"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Particle Formation in ab Initio RAFT Mediated Emulsion Polymerization Systems"	"Sprong E"	"de Bruyn H"	"Warr GG, Such CH, Hawkett BS"			
618	"Liu D"	0	"Proceedings of the National Academy of the Sciences"	"2007"	"104 (23)"	"9570"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Observation of the density minimum in deeply supercooled confined water"	"Zhang Y"	"Chen C-C"	"Mou C-Y, Poole PH, Chen S-H"			
619	"Boukari H"	0	"FASEB Journal"	"2007"	"21"	"641.14"	0			"Tubulin-Dolastatin rings undergo rouleau aggregation while cryptophycin-tubulin rings are non-interacting"	"Sackett D"	"Nossal R"				
620	"Comoletti D"	0	"Structure"	"2007"	"15 (6)"	"693"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Synaptic Arrangement of the Neuroligin/ß-Neurexin Complex Revealed by X-Ray and Neutron Scattering"	"Grishaev A"	"Whitten AE"	"Tsigelny I, Taylor P, Trewhella J"			
621	"Chen W-R"	1	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (16)"	"5887"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Small Angle Neutron Scattering Studies of the Counterion Effects on the Molecular Conformation and Structure of Charged G4 PAMAM Dendrimers in Aqueous Solutions"	"Porcar L"	"Liu Y"	"Butler P, Magid LJ"			
622	"Hammouda B"	1	"Journal of Polymer Science B"	"2007"	"45 916)"	"2196"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Insight into chain dimensions in PEO/water solutions"	"Ho DL"					
623	"Pozzo DC"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"40 (16)"	"5801"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Shear Orientation of Nanoparticle Arrays Templated in a Thermoreversible Block Copolymer Micellar Crystal"	"Walker LM"					
624	"Snyder MA"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Silica Nanoparticle Crystals and Ordered Coatings Using Lys-Sil and a Novel Coating Device"	"Lee JA"	"Davis TA"	"Scriven LE, Tsapatsis M"			
625	"Danoff EJ"	0	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"23 (17)"	"8965"	1	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Surfactant Vesicles for High-Efficiency Capture and Separation of Charged Organic Solutes"	"Wang X"	"Tung S-H"	"Sinkov NA, Kemme AM, Raghavan SR, English DS"			
626	"Owen T"	1	"Langmuir"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Metal-Dependent Self-Assembly of a Microbial Surfactant"	"Pynn R"	"Hammouda B"	"Butler A"			
627	"Sirota EB"	0	"Energy Fuels"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG7SANS"	"NOT CHRNS"	"Physical Behavior of Asphaltenes"	"Lin MY"					
628	"Dimitrov IK"	1	"Physical Review Letters"	"2007"	"99 (04)"	"047001"	1	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Peak Effect in Polycrystalline Vortex Matter"	"Daniilidis ND"	"Elbaum C"	"Lynn JW, Ling XS"			
629	"Rahman RH"	0	"Macromolecules"	"2007"	"Press"		0	"NG3SANS"	"CHRNS"	"Segmental Alignment in the Aggregate Domains of Poly(9,9-dioctylfluorene) in Semidilute Solution"	"Chen C-Y"	"Liao S-H"	"Chen H-L, Tsao C-S, Chen J-H, Liao J-L, Ivanov VA, Chen S-A"			
